You know what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can wear myself as farmer, or with leather clothing, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epidemic is generally something that gets you somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bubanas.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk to you about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stanford, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
The one they hit to bleeding every week in the kids's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that were fighting AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I received a phone call of that teacher, Mrs. Post who said,``I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that we never get to know ourselves.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to take you with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laughed, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be a hospital.
We found it a place, we were interested, and we take care of it, and we took away from their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to meet me, it became a box of ash and was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I talked about was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today that I'm talking about today.
It also needs dignity and love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I went for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first toilets.
I was amazed.
My heart fast, I was killed, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tops to me around the water were about 60 feet away, and I couldn't be able to think that it was a snowflake on another snow after year.
The roofs are born when they get rid of the glaciers or break the ice bars.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to give up and join up to the end, whereas others cannot put it more and deliver in a dramatic passion aircraft.
It's easy to think, when you see an iceberg, that are isolated and alone, in large measure as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg is melting, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a eardrum is defined by free fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
And I'm going to look at these injustices as if it was the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these moments, they exist in that way and they will not exist again that again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuum of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that I photographed is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in Keith, Greenland.
It's a little bit often to get to a reduced iceberg.
Here you have.
You can see the left one little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the boat has moved to the other side, and the man is there.
This is a growth of Greenland, average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so names, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of you to get a baby . OK.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is joined by the X chromosome.
Both of them are thinking, and they start the life.
Let's talk about them later.
In my activity, I will get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a historian historian, and what I study in this case is the way people work in the anatomy -- say, human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluids, the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body.
The other role that performance in my work is the activist, as a defense of patients, or, as I say sometimes, impatient deforestation of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working, for example, with severe twins, two people within a body.
I've worked with encouraging people, much lower people than medium.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical typography doesn't fit in conventional schemes and conventional female.
In general lines, we can call it interpretation.
Interpretation adopted many forms.
I'm going to put you a few examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in male or female forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual, chemical basis, the X chromosome gene, and it tells the speakers, that we all have in the genetic life, that become testicles.
And then, in the fetal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual is from testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the inspiration of insulin sensitivity.
So there are high testosterone levels, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developing a typical feminine course.
When it was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something's going on.
After doing tests, they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think about a man, but it's actually not that.
Women, like men, we have something called superintelligent glands.
They're at the back of the body.
Superintelper glands produce angiogenesis, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me consider a typical woman; he doesn't know his chemical structure; I believe a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the carcinogens.
We produce carcinogens and respond to the carcinogens.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the regimes that the woman who was born with testicles that have the sensitivity syndrome.
That's why sex is complicated . It's not that the interpreters are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways, they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you would see, I had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, I took a life like a kid and I just discovered that I had ovaries and uterus.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a superconduction sports.
He had the 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, the supernovae glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were male, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component.
He was born with a child; no one suspects anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when I started having medical problems caused by internal mechanics, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of an instability case.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes developed what's known as a vessels, which is to say, they have crude tissue wrapped in technological tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many sex varieties.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they're a little bit, the twin twins, or interpreted surgery, is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly, being black means to say to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with computation.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuality.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people within a body.
The latest recent case is last year with the South African corridor Castinia Sero; he put his sex in the International Games of Berlin.
Many journalists called to ask me,``What are you going to do to determine whether Casey Sea is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a small line between men and women or between men and expectations and women and expectations; we're the ones who trace that line.
So, what we've got is a situation where the more it advances science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anti-annability categories that correspond directly with stable identical categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we're in a rough terrain.
So let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do in the fact that we have to differentiate from them in just a few numbers?
And as we progress in science, we're getting more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we're probably probably are going to be too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fetus.
There are very busy discussions today, maybe not in public, but I know within medicine, when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to take you with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of him put a pen in front of the nose, and if he moved still not buried.
If I stopped moving.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could be able to beat someone like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, I define people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I'm nervous.
To consider that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about.
Tend from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I've got to admit that I'm an American fertilization of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find myself every so much looking at that music called``1776"and not by music, which is totally palpable.
This is what happened in 1976 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first anatomy activists, and I explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they would replace it with another which was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what you would reject our parents was the idea of monarchy . monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that they came to political power for the resident of blood transmission to the father and then the son and so on.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomical differences . That was very radical.
And in part they were doing it because they were a part of a symbolic system where two things were going on.
And at the same time, democracy was going to be the same time.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founders, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting away from the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that goes from a vague idea of birth.
They were moving into a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, we were passing the idea of the anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were sitting at the foundations of the future Civil Rights.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded.
Then came the Civil Rights movement, with people from the California Trianger who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We find men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, the color people who applied to the anatomical coincidence on the anatomical difference and, again, they succeeded.
We see the same thing with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidences, we have to start asking ourselves why we're keeping certain divisions.
But, attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean we should give up the anatomy.
I don't want to say that the five-year-old children should be allowed to have sex or marry.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep it, and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings in the beginning of this talk.
We've got two beings, both of us in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before, June 1 , 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in term, was born one of March 1 . 1980.
For the only fact that Mary was born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born after.
We find other areas in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered, though, I haven't told you whether it's XML, in virtue of being considered man now is now about the mandatory remote that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on its part, doesn't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can be married in all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the anatomy field that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could break?
I don't want to give to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is kind of like science.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is sort of a pragmatic attitude,``Well, we have to plot the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a certain point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosomes, and that to marry a woman, you have to have a chromosome.
Now, in practice, they don't make chemical tests to people.
But this is also very strange, given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to the carcinogens.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech``I Have Dead"offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people``based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to also point that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to give people rights to people, because I've been able to admit that I know some of the other things that are going to probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some boundaries I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people from 40.
So how do you put in practice the subject of character content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could in the future to be measured with an instrument, maybe with MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
And what I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still putting this kind of thinking about the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like anger in which a man who feels attracted by other men is sustainable to be killed, unless he's willing to get to a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made light twins and then separate them and to raise their fame.
But when the phone asked the reason for the operation, it was a very risky operation, and it responded to me that in that other country, these kids would be very abused, and so I had to.
I said,``Well, have you considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation? ''
United States provides huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change by the sake of the state.
So I think we need to be in the head.
Well, to end I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we'd given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in literacy, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me is the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women, on average, not all, but at average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
Years ago, when I was in the square, one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminism -- I was feeling feminist, as I was now making a strange thing.
\" Tell me what the feminism has . ''
And I thought,``It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with delightful gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about her question, the more it has seemed like there's something female in feminism.
That is, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attentive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, while the parents were very attentive to find ways to protect people by the state of the state, it's possible that, of having injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we'd have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the anatomy: to think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect link, we think about what we do for the others.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to remember how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go live and work, it has the chance to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to receive them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half the people who wanted to live in apartments are already property, and the other half was still missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to increase in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you're going to face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the goals and the construction of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those complications.
But they could go to a completely new place, to build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction rather than putting it.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name: under the charter cities.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Java and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 hours would go out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, I went through a desperate constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pepsi Lough is blown away with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked him to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a TEDTalk talk.
Through a process of perception, trial and error and a lot of trials with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say that you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technology as the rules to progress, and it's usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to October a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Java.
They called me.
They said,``Let's bring this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the ground in a place like New York City -- you see, land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the TED Talk video . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a strategy city is a place where you start with desolate terrain, a charter that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this might be the way for our country to move forward.
I was asked to go to Texas and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the workers that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applauded correctly.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The leader leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor romance, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the TED Talk video.
I have this in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains how essential a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city to which you might be in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away to North.
And I would also include new options for leaders.
Because the government leaders of Honduras would need help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the norms of the charter, so that everybody could trust that the charter effectively gets out.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, January 19, they voted in Congress to email their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress for this constitutional amendment was 124 to one.
All the parties, all of the factors in society, the restaurants.
To include the Constitution, you have to go twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was approved again in another voting, from 144 to one.
Immediately after voting, from 21 to February 24, a delegation of about 30 hospitals went to two places in the world that are more interested in participating in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big city center that is building in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at the same time allow to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last instant court for this new court system.
There are urban planners and builders that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know they've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that you want to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade area, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
There are 700 million people in the world who say they'd like to immediately change another place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go get a job; sometimes they're single mothers who have to win the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it look like to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What do you seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say,``Thank TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my Valley.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to do a public confession, and I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish on my blog, and then there, colorful and different for each occasion.
But I buy nothing new.
All my clothes are a second hand of thumb markets and secondhand shops.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guitar in the environment and my wallet.
I get to know interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my aspect is unique; and buy it into my search personal quest of treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today??
Will it be my shop?
I would like color?
I'll cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
I'm going to go back to my valley, and I want to tell you what I'm packing for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone who has all that clothes??
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
Interesting clothes for exactly a week is all I've put in my valley.
I imagine that I would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman walking by TED in underwear clothes, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the life lessons that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can always see a phenomenal phenomenon for less than 50 dollars.
The whole set, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be bad humor, when you're looking at a bright red display.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: integration is surrounded.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surrounded you from the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you'll also appreciate them.
Wednesday: Guinea from the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the disguise, or I remind you of their seven years.
I like to tell you and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: trust is the key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you're.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood their meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and external, there is no look you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: One universal truth six words for you: the golden lenses go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: develop a personal style, and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came to me this week simply why I was using . And we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little valley.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to push emotionally to these things, because by the turn of the corner, there's always going to be another crazy, colorful suit, hoping, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So, if we use a scale to measure the competence of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these things are going to operate for one of these extremes, but I think for most of the integrate of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite logical to reconcile these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We tend to play with them and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Now, some intuition that you can have developed over the years is that one thing can be only in one place at once.
That is, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, you developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child and didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to travel, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange particles.
And when they play their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can pass walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they call it quantum mechanics theory.
And at that point, the physics was a few years ago; they needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particle.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if it's all made out of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's right at the center.
And then we do a pretty good approach to the small metal trick.
What we see is a little little bit of metal, and it forms it and it's going to be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a form of swimming swimming swimming underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in quantum overlap, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm on an elevator just, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people are going up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey partners of inanimate objects are not just people, and it is also the light that goes through and the wind that happens next and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expand all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We take the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we face it to a less temperature temperature of a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're just on the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating, and the way that I was vibrating was like a breath in this way -- like a piece that expands and contract.
And by giving a smooth push, we could make it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant and non-star thing at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the kinds of atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time those atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instances when those are aligned.
In the rest of the time, they're deliberately deliberately.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It's worth on a clean room to do this for all those years, because you see this, the scale difference between one atom and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that little metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How would you act your consciousness if your body was death in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and look inside the box, we saw the metal kept on there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all of the objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
That is more profound than that.
It is that those connections, your connections to all of the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that is the profound narrative of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I did another job on Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who's here and allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories about why we did it.
I think my own story is explained simply in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I Google from a great education, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I began to learn a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show you the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've brought from their launch.
So, just, we go to Googlers.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the Gulf Galapago, MoMA, the Emission, the Rick, the Gogh.
I'm actually going to enter one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the New York Art Museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and, Pam!, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where you are, Mumbai or Mexico, it doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
You want to navigate the museum?
We open the plane up, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward . They get fun.
Just explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Cocaine"of Pieter Brown in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign B.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata of metadata.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call glamour technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 billion pixels? ''
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 billion pixels.
It can be done around a very simple way.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this kid, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to do.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I went in and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear], which is to hit one occasion with a stick on Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even further in depth and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take the image, so you'll really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The night star . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the brush?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It increases, and it really does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm actually going to get to the cracks.
This is``the night star ,"I think I had never seen this before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether you're rich or poor, or if you have an mansion, that day.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter, I've created this function that I call``The Power of Embryond ,"we just made a zoo around.
It's about``The ambassadors"in the National Gallery of London.
You can put things out, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're looking at these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think, for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium do justice to its work of art, and it's repeatedly represented online.
And the big question I'm asked today is,``Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is not.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of your bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that something very interesting has happened in Formula 1's career racing in the last two decades.
Now some time ago, if you wanted to win a formula one, I took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called real control system.
In essence, it's a system that has two components: a sensor and an archive.
What's interesting today is that the real control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers to the free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
To address cities is a big thing.
As an aside, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's crust, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be something big.
Beyond cities, all these detection and assets are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Anthony for the moment in MoMA, during summer.
It's called``Hairy uncle . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
It's kind of like almost all existing atoms become sensors and actuators.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo Angeles sculpt the Moses, it's said, at the end, he took the hammer, and he brought it to the Moses -- you can still see a little bit down and said shouting,``Why don't you talk? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples; I'm going to show you in the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a very lucky summer of 2006.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, you played Italy and France, and at the end of Zimbabwe, he gave the head.
And anyway, ultimately won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day by looking at activity in the network.
Here's the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Trek River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The timeline is at the top.
On the early afternoon, there are people over here, and there are making calls, moving.
It starts the game: silence.
Google de France . Gold de Italy.
End; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . Last time.
First extra time, second.
Zimbabwe, and at a moment, the head.
Win Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to the center.
You see the big spike.
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called Cyrus Massach where, from the Roman time, people are going to celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way we would not have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but of things that we use and consume.
We know all about the production of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway would take.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many benefits in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
This is data that we don't exist before.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we see every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, that's still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we throw on one day still goes on there.
And if we show that that, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Ashley Biometric, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Garden.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and said that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was: imagine that they have a chaos and valves, slow tubes, length tubes that open and close.
It's created as a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, texts.
And when we zoom down, the curtain will open for us to go, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Mayor Bellywam.
He likes a lot.
And it takes a commission to design the building at the entrance of the expo.
We call it Digital Water pavilion.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors and windows, but when you zoom up, you open up so you can pass.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the vents, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days always there will always be somebody, in the winter, when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and said,``You demolish the building . ''
No, it's not that they've been demolished, but when it goes down almost all architecture disappears.
Here it is in work.
You see the people puzzled by what happens inside.
And here I'm myself trying to don't get when you test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all of the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Garden came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let them go, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump out for not wet.
( People noise) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that is the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, moving with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with normal configurations in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, what it changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixels cloud that you can come up with, and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the real controlled Flip, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light goes on, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bob, one of the best ballet dancers, the New York star, and from the Milan Sea to capture their movements in 3D and use them as the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, it's captured in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can travel all the way.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Fliffrench.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as well as a creature of clouds like the barn, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody give a little bit for a pixel.
And I think what's happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've all digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed you, we can go through the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may be able to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do we go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but the pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Games, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital end at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anybody who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with just some changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better way, be stronger, having more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure for yourself?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe it's those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: Creativity .) Creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . You probably owe the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many will choose memory?
A few more.
What about physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
There, most . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or might it be possible?
Evolution has been a decent theme here at the TED Conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor's look about the topic.
The great genocide of the 20th century, Twitter . Diabonanessa, who also ate in the Christmas Arctic Church, wrote a titled trial``nothing in biology makes sense of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: is it just the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well, on an extreme, is, of course, the most interested.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There's been maybe 20 different species of hominids.
Some of them have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem like we're very far from the other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it is the same protein, chemistry income, that comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all take in the most bacteria gut than the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times.
I mean, think about -- when Antonio Day raises what they do -- they think about bacteria?
The gut is a beautifully hospitality environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, moist, it's very careful.
And we're going to provide all of the nutrients that can want no effort from their part.
It's really like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But, of course, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help to digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what about the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or will we become something different, maybe better than the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief eat -- the animal kingdom, like one single and unique companies, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the core part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I came up to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution and realized something fundamental: most of the existence of life, in single-celled organisms, each cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two daughters.
But when the multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death death -- seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I went on, I had more doubt.
I came up with the feelings of George Burns, who still acted in Las Vegas right in his 90s.
And one night somebody hits his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, he finds a wonderful lightweight dancer.
He looks at it, and he says,``I'm looking for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"`` George"says George,``I hold the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to be healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted you to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapt and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you are like refugee rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next orbital level and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to get it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily need longevity.
It doesn't necessarily be the biggest or the most strong or the fastest and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the terrible bacteria that can survive into the heat of the firemen that will produce, if there were fish there, fish cooking, yet they've managed to make it a cumulative environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase, I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been dismissed and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've talked about our environment so that it fits us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated, we circulate, and we're so excited that it is no longer possible to have the isolation required for evolution.
A second possibility is that the evolution of traditional, natural type, taxes by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution are slow down, but they're amazing.
And as much as isolation: when as a species, we're going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing possibility.
It's called the neurological, new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we'll take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
First we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions from their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you choose at the individual and familiar level.
Think also that if you were possible to be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's diabetes, or reduce the risk of cancer or remove it?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and it was 13 years.
It cost 2.3 billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a close cost to the $20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot of missing the human genome for $1,000, and it will be more and more and more.
These changes come.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only protecting us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe, or there is no experimental trial in course with the culture of culture in the cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good from tobacco?
That's true today and the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can the cells change their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their offspring?
What if they could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the newly fertilized egg, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate the diabetes, eliminate the bleed, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease, is going to allow us to also adopt superstars -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions to spend this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before the generation.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered??
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that's more boring and more uniform or more robust and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing of all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions.
For good or for bad, and before you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine an engine doing a kind of thing, kind of class.
Clay, class, class, class . Sounds frightening.
Well, I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the 9/11.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already seen the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot runs the airplane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It took the engines.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noises.
And then he said three words.
The three more exciting words I ever heard.
He said,``prepare for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
While I thought about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``collector bad . ''
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid the George Washington Bridge, which was not for much -- I thought, wow, I really feel a great weight.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give place to my ego.
And I'm sorry the time that waste in things that don't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure on that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
They feel like wonders.
I'm no longer trying to be right; choose to be happy.
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water approach.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was in a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was in an acting of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And scream, cry, like a little.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be in the world.
At that point, when you connect those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
All over, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I became a miracle, not to die that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live in another way.
You're flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens on your airplane -- and please don't -- but imagine, how do you change?
What do they do, they still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How would they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TEEB was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he came home after he ran, and he said,``Dad, I feel a hole in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today today has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so that, obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and met her brother and her father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, not that I see Stephen Hawking, not all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're somebody important and you have a very good insurance, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Does anybody see the film``Scrapped and butterfly"?
They communicate in that way -- they're killing it with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I was introduced with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that I signed a check that didn't have the slightest idea of how I was going to cover.
I committed to her brother and her father there at that particular moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much in their inside can't communicate . ''
So I talked about a couple months later.
I met these guys called Green Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then, with a laser pointer, draw on that and record negative space.
So you go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First start with sexual organs, then with bad words, after the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And that's how the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and so much to move things from one side to another side we've achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine for TEDx to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing; I call it You, because when you talk to the guy, you get an email from him, and you say,``I don't deserve . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world literally of all the corners on the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and me, moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and controllers took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid, and when we went back, they would have taken out the squares of the walls and in their place.
But for two weeks, we said, we went to the cardboard of Venice, my son was part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Einstein, and you can see the description.
They're a pair of cheap sunglasses that we buy in the Marine Beach landscape, some copper wire and Homo Death things and Radio Shakespeare.
We took a PMS camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that's free -- it builds the free code, the software is low.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, that was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the Feynman room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this button and oil during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions from all night, Tony came back for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and you're looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside of the hospital.
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what was the feeling in parking.
The funny thing was that we had to break in the parking, so we felt like we were picking the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and get out of there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
And that is our scream of war.
That's what keeps us moving, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us is making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards was the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong takes something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up to close the circle is that in April this year in the Mexico Center at the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best expectations of the British urban art, Shepara Faitry, ADHD all are going to be there.
TEEB is going to be on the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: If you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of the things in this room was possible -- the computer, the computer, the microphone, nothing was possible at a certain point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology -- I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we're feeling you have to do . If it's not now, when I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years by getting in usually very difficult situations and at the same time.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
He filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in situations in horrific appearance with the only goal to try and look at social questions in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that you see entertainment and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the sponsor, I wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took a plane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What it was was the following thing:``My TEDTalk presents, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about, and according to it, I would be able to exploit it in the face, especially if I put you in ridiculous to you or your company.
But said this is a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a progress title, by the way.
So even with that storytelling, I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you'd asked me a year ago, I couldn't have been able to tell you.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been interested in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be able to anticipate, for something as dangerous as to enter the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spiriton: I want to make a film that is about the process of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with product, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call``The biggest film ever sold . ''
What happens in``The biggest movie ever sold"is that all of the top down, at the end, has brand images, all the time, from the sponsor that appears before the title, the X mark.
Now this brand, Mayor Stanford, the Stage Center.
These people are going to be associated with the film at the time.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kasa: It's redundant .) That is? (MK: It's redundant .) By perfect, forever?
I'm a redundant penis . (MK: I just say it .) It was more about emphasis.
It was``A Legal forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X-ray sponsor on the title, but we're going to make sure that we can make all the categories that we can in film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most great shoe that you've used.
The most great car that you've been driving in``The largest new ever sold ,"the best one that you've been drinking, you've got``The biggest movie ever sold . ''
Barry Khality: The idea is, then, besides showing brands as part of life, make it fund the film? (MS: Make the film funding .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, early at end.
And I would love to help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the maximum respect for the audience.
TK: However, I don't know how responsive people will be.
NG: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to replicate? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money does it require to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DJ: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
NG: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out of us as a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Ruddlergia: Most answers will be``no . ''
MS: But being hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...it means you're not very optimistic.
So, they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Good .) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge .) When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places to go . (MS: Okay .) Get the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn the camera ,"meant we have a conversation out of microphone.
Turn out the camera means``We don't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS: And that was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And it was very impressed, and I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, make so many people as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media, and the stage of the media separate media, isn't the idea with that new vehicle worthy of attention that's going to take the message to masses?
No, that was what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a raised mistake and that error was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been right.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you're looking for imaging images in Google appears -- this is one of the first images that appears.
I like your way to roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: the transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by visibility or activity of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden, when it comes to make something really changes.
But why? Well, transparency is fear -- like that weird bear that still continues.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
Let me get an entire bowl from Costa White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as he said,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kirsh of many years, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take out the middle and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to think about suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start talking to companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant, giant movies that make small, independent films like mine.
And my friends who do large Hollywood movies, giant, say the reason their movies are so successful, because of the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the film is called``The biggest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to see Bathroom specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Big Bang.
At any time for an interview with someone I can say,``Are you fine for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you out.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there is one of these fabulous heroes.
Both``Florida Furby"like``Park's Wind"is going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have both for man as for women -- solid, ball, bar, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a professional view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Similar to the smaller kind of movies that you tell; we're more a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other marks.
So doing things like that, you know, remembering it is the reason that we're interested in this.
MS: What words would use to describe Bay?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: superior technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in your armpits.
Man: We talked about something audacious, fresh.
I think``fresh"is a great word that actually puts this category in the positive versus``combat the smell and the sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do you keep you fresh longer? With better fresh, more fresh, three times more fresh.
Things like those who do benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-marketplace company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: My brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I'm going to revive the 1980s, painting punishment unless it's day.
MS: Okay, what is the germ brand?
George: unique . (MS: unique .) Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have to be like a dark glamour.
I like the dark colors, many gray and things like that.
Usually I wear accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand might be a classic collaboration, Mercers Benz.
Man 2: The brand that I am, call it casual flight.
Woman 2: In part hypothetical, in part boom, in part Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the type of pets.
Selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Frank Christian failed.
Is that something?
Audience: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often get involved in the intersection of dark glamour and flying flight.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the``brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olympics Zalah in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like name, February, Hallmark to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Green: Translation photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated and start in a place, and in my case, they're originated and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How does this relate to your thoughts and feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why, what does that serve us?
What's the math? What phase phase you find now?
Why is it important to reimagine? What does red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metabolism have had?
It doesn't have to be afraid . What kind of rollercoaster is you?
MS: Air! (A .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great job): Yes . (MS: Thank you very much .) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all of this.
Lily Zalah: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but supplement, in your brand personality, the Morgan Scott brand is a conventional brand.
They get very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to have -- and it's the human nature to avoid things that are not secure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give you a little bit and you make them become positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is classic, Apple.
And you can also see here to Target, Wii, mine from Mini Cooper and Jeanny.
Now there are playful markings and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a nice brand is quite powerful.
MS: A nice brand . What's your brand?
If somebody asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you a rising attribute? Are you someone who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a descending attribute?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative?
The upward attributes are like being playful to be fresh like Prince, contemporary, adventure, advance or bold like Erib Flying, fast or agile, profane, dominant, magical or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more a decent attribute?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 70?
Are you set up, traditional, provider, protein, you identify with Oprah?
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, confident, safe, sacred, constant or wise, like the Dalai Lama or God?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, elevators and descendants, they said,``No ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they would have no control, they would not have control over the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neocortex, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they're using magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing like for cinema.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned advertising.
All over the city over the last five years there are no valleys, there are no posters, there's no flying, nothing.
And we went to school districts in which companies are doing in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or the ones I have more successful are the ones that I've been interacting with with things directly.
And that's what these brands made.
They went to the intermediary, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, that's going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you gone? Did you succeed?
Well, since the film is stressed in the Sundance Festival, we take a look.
According to Brooklyn, the film is stressed in January, and since then -- and this is not all of us have had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers just a two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in Starbuck.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all of the agencies that we're talking about, it's not being part of it.
I've always believed that if you're risky, if you take risks, that you have opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, it's pushing you to failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk aversion, you're preparing your entire company to lack rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to don't have a fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I'm going to go forward, I think we need to give the fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
We open fear . We embrace risk.
From one recording at once, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to beat transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``We hug the Transparency"has been presented by my good friends of Emmanuel who for $7,000 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EDI: becoming great data in great opportunities for companies around the world.
Emma shows``Open Transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in the name of transparency, which exactly happened with those 7,500 dollars?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a name of the name of the TED mathematical organization, the Salt Foundation, a call for 7,200 to be applied to my TED for the next year.
The idea behind Justine IT worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the American entertainment plant in Natasha.
The gray boxes you see are a real control system.
If we get to compromise these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
grey boxes doesn't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus of Windows in a laptop that is used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuxnet.
We started with a Windows installation.
The cow enters the gray box, damage the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is demonstrated; it mission.
It's easy, is it??
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Shanghai six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you know is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part: the installation used multiple disaster vulnerabilities.
It seemed like to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet, and we saw what happened with this.
So they had very strange things.
Justine was made as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese: the wave, but he didn't want to eat.
I had no sense for me.
And after experiencing with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
So, Sumanda does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working in this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, say for example, a U.S. energy plant or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the target soon.
So we went through and we downloaded the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs: a small and a big . .
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the dots to attack.
You probably even know how much the operator takes.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard Justine's installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here's a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the system functions, because we know what they do.
We then look at tools and data structures and try to relate them with the real world, with the potential world of the real world.
We need theories about determinations that we can approve or waste.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sabotage, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousand goals in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant from Botswana and the Natasha's disease plant.
So I said to my assistant,``Let me get a list of all the experts in centers and plants of energy between our clients . ''
I called them, and I consulted them in an effort for taking their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital opinion with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you can certainly break it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and slow into an obvious effort to go crazy to the nest engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We're trying to figure out the big digital opinion by looking very closely to data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 174 is in that code, you can't be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natasha, and I found that they are structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 187 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code?
A pretty identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there are no misunderstanding: it didn't.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in the Taliban, and we had to start again.
Yet, we discovered that both digital warheads were going to one and same goal, but from different angles.
The little girl is taking a waterfall, and making it turn the rotors and stars, and the big cow communicates with six waterfall and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the fate is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We should not worry that other targets are reached by Stuxnet.
Here's a very interesting thing that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the data values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe or not, this false entry data is prepared by Stuxnet.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robbery, the security chamber is predicted by video.
Is it cool?
The idea here is obviously not only to erase the operators in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to erase a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines is about speed, you have to open escape valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this cannot make a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when you're committed, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit.
And no operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrifuge with uranium.
It could also work, for example, in an energy plant, or a car factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have to do that with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You can also use continent conventional technology to disseminate it.
It's the most possible thing.
And if you do that, what you end up with is a massive destruction of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of targets.
We need to face the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it has been done in many sides that people assume the Model is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Language: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My view is that the Moscow is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for landing . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give the suburban skills, or another one that makes you use wheelchair users and go back and walk.
In Berkeley Bionics, we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different from something that you put in the morning, it gives you a big force, you also increase speed, and helps you, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and other external ancestors.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take on its back a 45-year-old load, and it's being tested to get even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- lesions on the back , 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic chronic damage.
We decided to get this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you to the LHC -- or Portugal Human Cities.
Soldier: With the LHC exoskeleton, I can put 90 pounds for variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to get into crackers and execute movement with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I increase my strength and my resistance.
Thomas Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back now to the wheelchair users, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people in the wheelchair, all over the world.
As one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their lives -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging it quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been this for the last 500 years, from their successful emergence, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ALS who's using Amanda Bobby, who had an injury in the vertical column, and as a result, he couldn't walk back for 19, so far.
Amanda Bobbin: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EBI, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals on board computer, here on the back.
There are some batteries that give you energy to the engines in the hips, and in the knees, and they make it advance with this soft and natural gait.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing costs down.
In a fraction of seconds, I lost all feelings and all movement down.
Soon after, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I went to the last hope of hope of my self.
adapting technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to slide it down in skiing, climbing rocks and even riding on hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future generations -- not just soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the wheelchair users, everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the American Man Festival or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much sanitation in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large guys, terrifying, Bonobo's society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence hasn't yet observed.
But unfortunately, bonobos are the least understanding of great apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the same -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been prolonged for decades and caused almost as many deaths as World War II.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The death trade of hunting and deforestation makes you not fill a stadium with the bonobos that remain in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by mixing the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes``make love, not war ,"because they have fresh, promiscuous and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of humanity's problems because the Bonobo's life is more than the Kaaba Sun.
Bonobos, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us, and the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with diversity generation -- diversity of interactions, behavior diversity, connections of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves, the dance and the human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken in the wild.
First, it's a Bonobo lifestyle game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the phrase of the phrase,``It's got it block from the balls . ''
Only I think in this case, I love it, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as much as humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play as the testicles and also how play requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is rediscover.
And I want you to see -- this is Jupiter, a young female, who's playing with a strange water.
I think, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation of adaptation.
In order to adapt to a world that changes we need to play.
But will we leverage our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it seems to play, it can be the moments in which the most urgent thing.
So, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for developing a non-profit organization named Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I ate fires like captain assistant in a body of volunteers.
And in our city, where volunteers come to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a career in foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found captain, I was focused on a conversation with the owner that was certainly one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, barefoot, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was, called the Leonardo Leona first came first to the captain, and he asked him to go in and save the dog's dog.
The dog! I was so jealous.
There was a lawyer or money gesture that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I entered a building in a call to save a living, just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next.
The captain made me an assistant.
He said,``Bensidee, I need the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the real firemen, which at that height more or less had finished the fire and entered the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back on the staircase where I met my News and the lovely dog on the front door.
We took out of the house the treasures for the house of the house where, as it was to wait, his treasure received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the home owner, by the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she saw about the other was that someone had even gotten a couple of shoes.
So much in my vocabulary in Robin Hood, as in my vocabulary as a volunteer firefighter, I'm a witness of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also of thanks and courage to individual level.
And you know what I learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have achieved, or they're going to be -- remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: don't wait.
They're not waiting to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, let it go.
They serve food in a dining store, they clean a park of the neighborhood.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's lives.
So they go into the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1968 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things that we, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, at LED, this was happening.
It was called the automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, the LED bricks came to all homes.
It's estimated that they've been made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LED just adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks spinning each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much greater and more complex circuits, one brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literature.
Let me show you how they work.
litigation is electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing is that they're together through magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks has a color code.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with you green, and very quickly, you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with one green produces light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulators.
If we change the button for a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an international light.
We added this shot to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literature are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and soldier, literature allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind literature is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to reduce bricks ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels, motors; everything has to be accessible.
We've given the kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
So for example, how a light is working, or why the door of a elevator stays open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also brought literature to design schools.
So, for example, designers without experience in electronics start playing with literature as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles, and we have Georgia creating ...
( Mechanical sound) A few weeks ago, we took sharks to the designers of Rhode Island School, who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said,``Do something . ''
So here's an example of a project that they've done, a confidence with movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a long-term lobster who is afraid of the dark.
For these non-verbal engineers, literature became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So literature has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is our own.
So ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking at getting involved with the environment.
So, distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait a moment.
You can sleep a little bit.
We can -- we can continue better we leave the video.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I've already got time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work on an environment that represents almost everything they are supposed to hate; we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Earth for America, and they would be like some Peter Peace Corps.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we sent them to the wild world.
They made great applications; they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
It's a hydrant in Boston City.
So here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what I really look for is someone clean it when it's trapped by the snow, because it knows that it's not very good at stepping off when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help in this particular way?
Last year in Boston, we had an American member team.
They were there in February, and at that time it was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hydrants.
But one of the members called Erik Michaelia noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept it when you snow.
By doing it, you put a name, in this case I put it on.
If you don't, somebody can register.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest 21 app applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads viral.
An accountable responsible for the city of Honolulu to see this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt synesthesia signals.
It's very important that these tsunami mermaid work, but people are stealing the batteries.
So they ask the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens wake up the caps.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when snow.
So now we know about nine cities that they plan to use.
And this has spread without friction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you'll know that this doesn't happen normally.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that we've done it for the normal channels would have taken at least two and a half million dollars.
And that is nothing.
Now there's a project in the collective power of California, which has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is program in a couple of days, and it spread viral, is a kind of warning to the government institution.
It suggests the better government to work, not as in private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
It's not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
That is, without restrictions, open and generative.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an anonymous institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Costa for America, but there are hundreds of people across the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost.
And that is that if we stop the feelings about politics, the link in the DMV, and all of those other things that get crazy, the government is essentially in Tim Orwell words,``What we do together because we can't . ''
Now a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; government does.
And because the government in the last instance of us -- remember that from``us, the village"? The way to think about it will affect the way we can produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that government is, especially, a matter of barriers.
This is the phone attention center of services and information.
It's the place that has the calls, if you mark 3D in America.
Scott learned this call.
I joined``Zarbock"in the official knowledge base.
I found nothing . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, you can open the gates of the house, put music good and see if you go? ''
And it worked . So right by Scott.
But that was not the end of the geeks.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, web and mobile, called Cities Connecticut.
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very clever people in the New Mechanical Journal of Boston.
One day, this happened really, this orders came,``Zarbon in my trash bucket . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that? ''
The Diagram Connecticut dynamics is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Clife Connecticut, it's all public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said,``I came to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zarbot? Yes . lived? Yes.
He turned the cube . I went home.
Good night, slow german . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology of platform.
I'm talking about a platform for people to self-assemble and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but the government had a key role.
He connected the two people.
And it might have connected to government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen the communities.
If we call the animal control, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader? sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect the government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like a huge ocean and politics is the 15-year-old surface layer.
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt, which keeps that that we fund as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we need to make bureaucracy to be sensual.
Because that's where the real government happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the World Movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the poster of the SETI on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for the ones that we've been referring to to the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave with our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all??
We can't press government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology, it's possible to replicate the government function so that it can expand to civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not that hard to act locally, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28, so I, to managers, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk; everybody's going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care very much to do your voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government work better.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrant, taking out weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has a barrier inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not just government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix citizenship.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, are we going to be a voice crowd, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED, looking at these stimulus, I've given a lot of energy.
One of the things that I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it makes sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think identity is truly important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they teach them feeling, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, if it's charitable, it can get much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia about the 1800s.
She was born about the 18 and his experience with slavery as the way he saw the world.
She was hard, but he was also loving.
When I was a little girl, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was going.
One or two hours later, I went back and looked at it, and I was like,``Brian, do you still feel my hug? ''
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that I would always want to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it was not easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, went through the room, took me from my hand and said,``You see Brian . We're going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mary . ''
She said,``Now let me don't do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat, I looked at me and said,``I want you to know I've been watching you . ''
And he said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise me three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mary . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my daughter, and you have to promise that you will always take care of it . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mary, I'll do it . ''
And then he said,``The second thing I want you to promise is that you will always do the right thing, although the right thing is . ''
I thought, and I said,``Yes, Mary . That's what . ''
Then finally he said,``The third thing I want you to promise me is that you'll never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mary, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, and I have a older year and a younger week.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beer pack, I don't know where I took them, I grabbed my sister and we went to the forest.
We just came up with the madness.
He took a beer of beer, offered her to my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . It's okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on today, and you always do the same thing.
I took something, your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
and he said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
And I kept the gaze with force, and I went,``Oh, it's still not you thinking about the conversation with Mary . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was going up.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this by thinking that it's a virtue; I say it for the power of identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who don't really see sense.
We can't get things that don't believe power.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we should engage.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in probation.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much out, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black between the 18 and 30 is in jail or in probation.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore , 50 to 60 percent of all young color young people are in jail or in probation.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a court system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth, which leads the results.
And it seems to be very quiet.
The policy of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, they provide you of rights for always if you have a criminal conviction.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it in the next 10 years, the loss of rights loss to be as elevated as it was before they would pass the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you feel 13 children to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility of coming out.
Right now we're in process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, are people deserve to die by the crimes of the committed?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
Death penalty in America is defined by error.
Out of every nine people executed, they've identified one which is innocent, and liberated from death row.
A rate of error, amazing -- an innocent in nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it would never be allowed to roll airplanes if every nine to wake up, you would have been a star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I'm talking about terrorism, the time that started at the end of reconstruction and lasted to World War II.
Really, we don't know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be limited.
They were worried about being bombed.
The threat threat was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say,``Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks, make speeches . Tell people to stop saying that in our history we've been dealing with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Let's say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial underground and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this compromise, but in this country we haven't.
I was in Germany giving conferences about death penalty.
And it was fascinating, because one of the teachers went after my presentation and said,``You know, it's good to listen to what you say . ''
He said,``We have no death row in Germany.
We certainly will never have it here . ''
The room stayed in silence and a lady said,``There is no way to our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, would be able to execute people . ''
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to run people, especially if they were in their most Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated with technology . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation, morality.
In my opinion, it is necessary to integrate both.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the desires, which will never come to TED.
And thinking about them is, in a way, something that's within us.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, the development is not only about brain ideas.
These things come from feeding ideas also by heart conventions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us not only in brilliant and dazzling, but also dark and hard.
Valley Harvard, the great leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, guidance for spirit, a will for being in despair sites and being witness . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe, that even in communities like TED, I should engage us.
There's no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women come together just to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Carolina called me, to say,``Brian, come the Parks lady . Let us go together to talk.
You want to come and listen to us? ''
I was like,``Yes, sir . Yes . ''
So she said,``Well, what will you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen to you . ''
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very viruse, very lit.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks went to me and said,``Now, Brian, I tell me that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started to give it my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We're trying to end up with the senses of life, without conditioning for children.
We try to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in jails.
We're trying to end the mass incarceration . ''
I gave it all my best speech, and when I ended up looked at me and said,``Hmm um slime . ''
And he added,``You'll get exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that time, Ms. Carter leaned, he put me on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find a way to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher to the worst we've committed.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a thief.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very illustration, it will not be judged by our technology, for our designs, not for our intellectual or rational ability.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not by the way you treat rich, powerful and privileged, but by the way you treat the poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I'm sorry in occasion . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too force.
Be tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of hard.
I go to jail, and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been trained to judge them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what is not?
The judge is translated as an adult, but I see a child.
I was very late at night thinking -- by God, if the judge can turn you into something you're not, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working in a way.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a little, poor, black.
I started working on the way, with an embodiment that said,``Well, I mean, my 14-year-old black client was treated as a 75-year-old privilege of a corporation . ''
In the process, I put that there was a behavioral behavioral behavior in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was an attractive line about how in this country there is no ethics, it's a lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking about that instant thing to be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had I broken it, but I had sent it to court.
About two months ago, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided --``Oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case . ''
I went up to the car and felt really self-assembly, overwhelmed.
I went on the car to the court.
I thought this would be very very difficult and very clever.
I finally got off the car . I walked into the court.
I was going up the stairs when I was found with a older black man; it was the consultant of the judge.
When I saw me, I came up and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is it work?"I said yes.
So I'm going up and open.
And I'm whispering.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was surveillance.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
In the way, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this word? ''
I said,``Yes Mr. was me ."And we started arguing.
People started getting . They were all outraged.
I was the one that I'd written.
The cops came out, the police prosecutors, the adults.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all furious because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye, I reached to see the consensus that went and came.
I was looking at the window and I would hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, a concern face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, I judge a recession.
During the offspring of the angle of the algorithm, it showed out because the consensus had entered the room.
The assistant went over the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man to keep his view in the target target . ''
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly evolved humans if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be linked to brotherhood, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities close.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which an effort will be done to raise the funds that spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death row, in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of homicide cases don't get in arrest.
56 percent of the rapes get nowhere.
Here's a chance of change.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are broken to make law, security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say to the people who believe that this is?
SS: Actually, the rate of violence with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince the punishment of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people down to perpetual chain -- to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia . Locke three: the police throw O.C . spray.
Announcer 4: Democracy can be fired . Little 5: Corporation cross-sections.
Locket 6: Social School: Scott 7 : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: Albert 9: Cockaicy 9: cyberattacks.
Several locals: War to narrative, mass destruction . tornado.
recession . Bank . Bank . Egypt . Sir . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months -- it could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that media means to give us negative news, because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing more important to survive, the first stop of all that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
He ordered and recorded all information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories, we would prefer to look at the negative.
That old press says,``If there's blood, selling ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, is not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think the world goes from worse.
But maybe it's not.
Maybe, instead, what happens is that we get distortion.
Perhaps the huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; certainly we have them.
As human beings, we are very good at looking at problems, and in the long, we ended up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life has more than doubled, the average income per capita adjusted per inflation has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy spent 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget.
And we continue to put ourselves higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, most of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile, air conditioning and cars.
The magnetic banks of the past century, the professors on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into the information technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law, and double the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 1970s supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to see two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, recession, depression and booming.
It's the result of fast computers used to build computers faster.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And even though it's shot in a law on the left, it goes up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends from Autodesk called infinite computation, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production all over the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanometers and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory on Watson from IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that would be.
And I loved this:``Watson comes to human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone on the mobile phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can you use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company or a product or service, that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would be absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies who have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating fancy life for every single person on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce and becoming plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon III in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invite dinner the king of Simon.
Napoleon's troops ate silver covered, and the same Napoleon, with gold covered.
But the king of Simon ate with aluminum covered.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth more than gold and platinum.
That's why the tip of memorial to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although the aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electronics came out and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was puzzling.
We protect this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a palest planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16, every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about affordability.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the diesel generation : 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that in the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity costs six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of national medium.
And if we have energy abundance, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about the water wars.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager spacecraft to Earth , 1990, after Saturn?
He took a famous picture . How was he called??
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fought for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the Neanderthals.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovations of the desk -- I'd like to share with you, I'm permission to do that -- his technology called Supermanisking -- maybe the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to any day water source, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed that I will make an important test of hundreds of these units in developing world.
If that comes right, and I have full confidence to be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 2056 countries.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent of mobile people in the developing world in the end of 2013.
Think about it, that married warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And with an intelligent mobile phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted.
It's better than that, the things that you and I've paid tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands of PC dollars, video HIV, images, libraries of books and music, medical diagnostic technology now is demoralized and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is when it comes to health care.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Malcold Foundation something called the X Cambowness Carmel Tradition , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams in the world so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk, and because it has AI, they can take, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where morbidity burden is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA or DNA virus that I don't recognize, call the health care, and first, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the one billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We've just passed the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds, you've never heard of the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you use? What do you want?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people are tens of billions of dollars embedded in the global economy.
And they will get more health thanks to the Trivialism, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and the computation in the cloud, they will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive health?
How about a few voices before?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What will these three billion point?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict??
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Foldscope.
It emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
folds determine structure and functionality.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it has shown that today's recognition machinery is better at folding protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take great challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the initiative.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of great challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the coordination of the starting point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know , 1870.
Maybe you think that you chase puzzles, but it didn't.
They actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as a``common . ''
It was the groupers.
It was done so much to the 1980s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, it also illustrates another concept: the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by sticks, and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were about 20 centimeters, black beard thylacine.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so it won more than half in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had dropped half.
The five inches.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of rice fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the 1960s, made a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was supposed to impose countries who already had 100,000 fishermen, imposing industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called The Four Museum.
I went out to fishing on him, and we did studies in South China Sea, and especially in the Java Sea.
And what we captured there was something inevitable.
We captured, now the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we capture were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny blobs on a few remains, which are coral reefs fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then you start the commercial fishing.
The bottom goes from being a solid coral fund, in this case, to be a literature.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They were disappearing because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This rest mountain is what fishermen are collecting every time they go to an area where they've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of departure, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something like that happens.
On the axis, we have good things: biodiversity, number of forces, the green of the country, water supply.
And that changes over time . changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the beginning of the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the extra forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
They don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the amount of changes.
And at the end, we keep a few remains.
And that, largely, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But one should think that this problem affects people when predator societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very plentiful, before you get extinct, is unlikely.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose a little frequent animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on large animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become unusual because we fish them.
There are a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questions that was very different.
And you'll do that because the evidence in an earlier way is not the way they would expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present, like they captain such and so many fish in this area can't be used or usually not using the scientists of fishing, because it's not``scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in informed societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From the huge role that can be a protected marine area.
Because with the marine marine areas, we really remember the past.
We raised the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has been running and it's extremely low.
That is for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their starting point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Midwest, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum . simulation.
This is a simulation from Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago there was gray whales on Chesapeake Bay; 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that the nuances and the talents are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people moved with the film -- not talking about the history of Photoshop why they move with images?
Because it makes something that, in a certain sense, has lost.
So my recommendation, the only one I'll give, is Cameron, to do``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hello . I'm Kevin Alley, the YouTube trends, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today, we'll see why videos are doing viral and what important it has.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, I copper notation in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make a famous Internet on the Internet.
There are over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, just a small percentage of it is made viral, gets a lot of visitors and gains culture.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators, participation communities and surprise factors.
Well, let's start.
Beau Vascum: Oh my God, my God . .
My God!
Wow.
Oh, wow!!
KA: Last year, Mr. Sue published this film out of his house at the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction of the popularity of the summer of the summer.
Beau is not supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you call YouTube Mountain Beach.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmel.
Jimmy Kimmel published this guy who would catch the video to popularity.
The creators of trends like Jimmy Kimmel presents us new and interesting things and turned them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . Everyone wants it to get the weekend, the end of the week . Friday, Friday, Friday . Starting Friday.
Friday Black is one of the most popular videos in the year.
They saw almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency frequency.
Like``Archie Drink twice ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it Tom and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mister Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter video.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends creators embrace a view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then start talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 pages of``Friday"on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a spoof for every other day.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by spreading it or doing something new with that.
\" Norman Cat"is a repetitive animation with a music chord.
That is it.
This year, they saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a three million times you've seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is creativity that woke up the Internet technology community.
There was remix.
Somebody made a version of ancient.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix came out that made this happen from being a stupid joke to something that we can all form.
Because we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted``rainbow Dr."or Rebecca Black or``Madame Cat"?
What did that script have written to be able to control this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for minute, just that really unique and unexpected can be thrown out in the way that these things have.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind of guy who protected against cyclists in New York, admit that I'm not interested in.
Casey Niel: I was moved by not circular by the dive, but there are often obstacles that prevent you in a circle of circulation.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Nietell managed five million people to see and understand his idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do in creative form.
And this leads to a big question.
Beau Vascula: What does this mean?
Boy.
KA: What does this mean?
trends of trends, creative communities of participation, totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, from a new culture, which we all have access to, and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're barely the media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still being built.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique unit of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the communist goes in Santa, by tackling the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long, are going to break it.
It was recorded in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My homework was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to hit us, but we were.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat as a boat by slowing down to sea.
My mother, Maya, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a confirmed marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to one task: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four-year-old jump that challenges the fiction, a boat cleared into the sea disguised ship.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pirate, the rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a jar with poison.
If you capture, we first would take my sister and me, and then and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the time diving on every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that were coming several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey, was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by men from the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee field, we developed in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations by giving a new life together.
We set up in French, a working-class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Franklin, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were from the rest of the world.
And the fragmented English fragments were trained between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, twice.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a degree on IT.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what it was supposed to be removed, which was always a second hand.
Two base pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankles, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful songs about``pink eyes"and some graffiti,``Asian, come home . ''
Oh, where?
And something in me was educated.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to get you out . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we told ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home.
My mother suffered nightmares, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be a static and open business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition, angry and inflated, and young kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implemented with what I was giving from myself.
On the other, I was locked in private lives, tragically tied by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was picked up the young Australian year.
And I was killed from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit.
So, I read the Foreigna anonymously, and it was now so much, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about nothing.
I wanted to go back to the routines and the comfort of life in an insurance suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters to end the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling about the day of each and fallen asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I reminded myself that I had now the same age she had when we got into the boat.
The``no"had never been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``and you're not what you are . ''
So I talked about juvenile distribution and education and destruction to marginalized markets and standards.
And the more frankly I talked, the more I was applied to speak.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of the possible.
And although I ended up my bachelor, I realized that I couldn't stay in a career career.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a recently arrived, new on the scene -- not just that it's right, but it's something that is going to be grateful, maybe a ship gift.
Because being inside it can easily mean the horizons, it can easily mean accepting your province.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is demoralized, but not the way we fear.
You could not have been allowed to be allowed tremendously.
There was an energy there, a implemented optimism, a rare mixture of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a little group of people who the slogan``can't do"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I was doing a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We were working until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time where Congression was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At the age of 17, it became a concentration of a Mandarin whose mother hit it.
With no support of your husband, it caused a review when you put it and take your cause, and a lot more red when you win.
It can't be done to be wrong.
I was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died, about 1,000 miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower, and I saw it stop on the other side.
I knew I had come to fire.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Franklin, and we sat around his casket.
We tell him stories and let's make sure that we were still with it.
At night, a monk came and told us that he had to close the casket.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"said.
\" You haven't put it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who were coming to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat had been easily educated.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a mess in your lives, diving brave on each wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it back and see it, I would.
trivia Nelson, and also the mother of that is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Sunday Manhattan Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the age of the ancient Indian episode,``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car, and we climbed the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I was attacked, the great Indian warrior prince, I had thirst, I took a bow and with a shoes of the ground, I got water.
Now we do the same with drill and machines.
The conclusion we took was that machine had replaced magic.
And that makes me very sad.
Every time I felt a little bit more.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me her reported pocket.
And this 50-year-old technology was for my most magical thing.
It became a gateway to a world full of images, of pirate pirate and nanotubes in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent us.
They face our inspiration.
That's why I came up with this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device capable of connecting the readers of the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
To bring the text together with image, animation, sound and touch.
storytelling becomes more and more multinational.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive app for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to ..."I write my name.
And so I get a character of the book.
In several moments, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live to GPS -- that comes directed to me.
My inner child got excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot of magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, those ideas that we're opening from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So, over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And you actually illuminate your way in what I rest on the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a child was that a whole galaxy would be in a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every fantasy book, there has always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, it works, and it guides you for the rest of the book.
In certain of the book, it also reveals.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at contemporary.
These are the superheroes.
We've all heard of the fairies and the kids, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, would you get them?
These poor people have been trapped in the Cambridge cameras for millennia, in an old and moving book.
So we're bringing them back in a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked, pasted to their PCs, haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: clubs, stones, jets and shells.
For some reason, children are no longer doing it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture of a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London put a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says,``I saw a monkey . ''
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital photos that have been taken.
Within the connections of magic between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we would have an interaction in which you go out with the iPad and the video on, and through augmented reality, you see a group of animated figures that appear on the inside of the house.
At a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them out so you can read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology is approaching each other.
Let's take the energy from the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why many projects of education fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at the Radio University was to give up a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known: What happens?
\" How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems that everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, since we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia chart . It's a very simple thing.
It's got a little bit.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time that he needs heart assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning, I connect to my Bible School, and before I climb my car, people start talking: Lauren, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure from the peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little bit of breakthrough connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back into the control and to be captains of their own boat, but also can help us to the health care of the health because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the costs of medicine, demand doubling and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also through Christianity.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have control control in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are at Marshall.
And also where all the gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DNA to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saved lives right now.
So what we did was we do the crowd in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to: If you see a DNA, please send it, tell me where, and when it's open, because sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000, they were already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Leymah, actually augmented, to find these DNA.
And every time they're in the city of marketing and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks use their Microsoft cell to find the closest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like DNA 41, which is the name of the product, but also like DARPA.
And we would want to start the world.
We're looking at all of the colleagues in the world, in other universities, so that they help us find, work and act like a center for the CEOs around the world.
Every time you're vacation and somebody collapses, it can be a patient or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies all over the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be messaging services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows are still in place.
Please join us and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it a picture?
Because of course, they're pictures that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at age 15.
I was mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because by using the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press your palm.
For me, photography had more to be in the right place, at the time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pushing the palm.
photos like this: a building in a very transferred road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal to keep the level of realism.
And when I say reality, I say photon.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you'll have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's more to do with an idea to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors?
Do you intervene the light?
What does the illusion create?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
So here we have three perfectly unimaginable objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some ways, they can create something that still seems three-dimensional, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So, let's get into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It's really to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think are those that we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures, it's very important to consider it, because something else will be seen.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that we're going to follow to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images came with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and end of different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was composed.
So this is another example.
This is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are from a different location.
The undersea part was captured in a stone pump.
And yes, I even did red the house of the top of the island so that it looks more Swedes.
So to achieve a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful and very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microprocessors versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this, as a lot of others we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
To talk about sexuality curves is something novel.
So here's something weird here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights down.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to do, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if I graph, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a logarithmic curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as the microprocessors, past tomorrow, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move into that pace.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a feedback growth that every few years advanced orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't continue forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things will happen.
Or it's going to be a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask myself, is, what is that new way that we adopt the world?
What new state is the world running?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future of the future in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something's happening.
The transformation happens . We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because it will all be so different that extraordinary what we're doing today does no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about two billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals that float around.
If we look at the way that we organize those chemicals, we give an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that point, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and the blobs grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet.
But those blobs weren't alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided, they had a unequal distribution of chemicals that they contain.
So every drop was a little bit different.
In fact, the droplet that somehow became better at the time of incorporating the surrounding chemicals; they grow more, more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't really understand these blobs, these blobs learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every single living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microscopics that I try to hide people's security people.
But it goes on -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments and absorb 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies from my personal card, I have many of the present, and in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If I was a choice, I'd put it in a virus and I would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This caused these cells to be happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin, and they shot them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are lots of resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that communities were formed that, in a way, were together on that, and they set up a synergy.
And so they survive or failed together, which is that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were more, and they were forced by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to attract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible to record, understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to evolutionary time.
So, an organism could, for example, learn how to eat a certain fruit because I knew bad and got sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures really accelerated the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen in an individual.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few groups and hopefully building a similar, vague idea, in your heads that you keep certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we turn it into sound, in sound sequence, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions.
Now we go through similar periods to multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the video tape, the CMU and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we build to handle that information.
And that gives us something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
They already saw the evolutionary example of you in which it produced certain evolution with the conversation program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next, the language, took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is feedback; I guess the corporate word is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process is feedback.
But I make my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the Debostatories of Theather Machines, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that you can't, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I work with methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds.
And, for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random institution of instructions.
We say,``Please, please, can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, execute all those programs, and take those who are more likely to do what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely for some random instructions of instructions, ordered numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``Computers, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that did the task?
Let's take those and remove the rest.
And now we're going to look at the numbers that are better.
And we're going to reproduce them following a process of analog to sex . ''
Let's take two programs, which are going to get kids, which are underwater, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs that had a little bit more successful.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
New grade again.
Some mutations.
And it tries again and it comes with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers, absolutely perfect.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strangers.
But you get the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a hundred thousand of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I was in a 747 with marketing Minister Minister, and he pulled a card and says,``Look at this.
It says,``This airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to offer safe flight ."Don't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much faster.
I mean, it's feedback.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feedback.
We're peeling.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the amoeba and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant in our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think stop here before I get rid of.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've spent enough time to allow me to get part of my fake prestige on that.
Before I treat my talk, we talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to go out of the rules, and I talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300, from a sub that's 100.
That means that the bat basically harbor, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being caught, and anybody who's trying to throw it into the first base, don't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a 400-digit baseball bat?
By the way, that's somebody who is 10 hits, act four.
Legala -- like the legendary Ted Williams player, the last Bush League player in the most 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let me turn this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
Suppose you've got the appendages, and you're derived to a surgeon that has a 400 percent record.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose you live in a remote place, and a loved being has two clogged coronary arteries, and your family doctor gives you to a cardiologist whose record in anti-annability is 200.
But you know something?
She's getting dramatically improving this year.
And their actions have been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon, from a nurse or a technology?
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the approaches of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, however, is to send them to the world, and I include, with the mandate of being perfect.
You never, ever, make a mistake and pretend to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I opened when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsession.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied up to a blood exam.
Such as.
I was studying in my little decline, in the CEO of General Hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the ground, the diagnostic difference and not usual.
And I even knew the diagnosis of the difference about how to classify a kidney underground.
And as much as I get more and more knowledge.
And I was very good; I graduated with honor.
And I heard from the medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I knew everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because I'm getting rid of the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs. Drake.
I was resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto when I brought Mrs. Drake to the emergency service where I was working.
At that point, I was assigned to the service service.
And when the emergency went out to a cardiologist, I got to attend to that patient.
It's going to inform the chief chief.
When I saw Mrs. Drake, he was dancing.
I heard a pink sound.
And when I put it up, I heard a broken sound on both sides, which gave me a consumer heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it was not hard to diagnose.
I did, and I started working on the treatment I would give.
He gave him aspirations and medication to ease pressure in his heart.
I gave him dynamics, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I made the first mistake, I sent it to his house.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief chief.
I didn't raise the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and consult it with him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring up complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contacted my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
By sending her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that he said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure I asked the nurse to take care of Mrs. Drake,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it's okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance next to the paradigms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I kept on my job.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking where my car was to go home . At that time I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the service of the emergency of the road.
And there another nurse, not the caregiver of Mrs. Drake before, but another one . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists fear them as well, but there's a particular amount of paradigm, and that is that we see the patients who are folded.
The three words are: Do you remember?
\" Did you remember from the patient who sent her home? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was okay.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
In an hour of an hour to get to his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the ambulance brought it to emergency with an artist 50 centimeters of Cape, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathed and was blue.
The emergency staff deploy all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was shocked and rocked to the spinal cord.
He had a mix of feelings, because after the student was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope he would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were assigned to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let go . Mrs. Drake, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was punished for it, and I experienced for the first time the shame of shame that exists in our medical culture and sat alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the packets and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The malware that I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that we were doing wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it was not by my boss; he was a lovely.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I would save things and make sure that they would not be sued.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so silly?
Why do I choose medicine?
That feeling was distributed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I was better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I recorded the efforts to be perfect for not making more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And that was.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he would be here.
I looked at her throat, was a little colorful.
He was penicillin and sent her home.
But while he ran on the door, he kept on his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked me to speak with me in his office.
And I tried the three words: Do you remember?
Do you remember the patient who saw a pain in the throat?
Well, he went back and didn't have a corporate facility.
It had potentially deadly approach called photographers.
You can look for Google . It's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those pathways.
He, fortunately, failed.
It's being fed up by international, and it's recovered in the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and reptiles, and then I took up and I went back to work, until again and again and again.
Two times in the same shift of urgency, not discovery diagnosed.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because you're 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a carelessness.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a kidneys X-ray, but it turned out to be normal . A colleague that was reviewed the patient perceived certain sensitivity in the bottom right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
You order liquid to refuse and ask my colleague to review it.
And you reviewed it, and when you notice some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, I called the surgeon.
Both were operated and recovered well.
But every case I was stuck, I was destroyed.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a crap.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just, embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release me and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this to don't make the same mistakes?
If I went into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a trauma in my hospital admired the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of errors.
It's the system in which there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones I know -- the ones that have results and the great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes, we're going to get a secure system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about medical journalism and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical illness and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Toronto to my program,``White Cope, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work on a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescribed medications in the hospital are wrong, or distribution is not right, and in a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly, and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country , 24,000 Canadian is killed by preventable medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both of these cases, it's all about raw underestimate, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so there are the things.
A hospital system where knowledge multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
The dream deprivation of sleep.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect story from a patient in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, and it comes crazy with local eyes, and I'll get to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story gets rid of it.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars . They don't slow their symptoms in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all of the professional professionals to error, well, no one left.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program,``white art, black art ,"it's a habit to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say to everybody, from the partnerships to the chief of heart surgery:``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah, blah --``What are your mistakes?"And it's going
And their students would stop, go back, go down the head and go out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a regenerative medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redesigning doctor is human, it knows human, it accepted it, and it doesn't get rid of its mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving and loving way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they commit errors occasionally.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a refrigerator doctor.
I'm human, I commit mistakes.
I'm so sorry, but I'm effort to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose a media American, it's about 70 a day.
It doesn't make a lot ago, in a research, for a week to a group of business presidents.
The researchers recorded the different tasks deployed by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they have 137 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many melodies.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of the time?
How does it grade the way that it makes those decisions?
Today, I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today: choose to choice of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
And I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a pat.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, he made this very, very high level of level -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It was called War.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water, and this was when we took water from the faucet.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion I wondered, why don't I buy anything?
This is the outside oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were on the sealed box that came from millennia.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I asked him,``Is this a strategy of offering all these options? ''
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists coming every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the jellyfish.
Passage.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a post to make a sense, right to the entrance of the store.
We put them out there six flavors, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what are people who were willing to stop testing?
More people were stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, that when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also look at what the case was more likely to buy a marble tube.
Here's the opposite effect.
The ones that stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy wet.
The ones who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy death if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy death is probably good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Humble, Emergent Kamen and Wei Jane, where we looked at decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested to see if the number of funders available in savings savings, the 404 program, destroyed people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger number of frontiers were offered, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you want.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those of you who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, the more people were involved by avoiding actions or investment funds.
As much more options, they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize future financial well-being.
In the earlier decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, that they apply it even when this goes against self-interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though it's objectively better.
The main reason is that we're looking at that gigantic variety of vast, mustard, vinegar and memorized, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contract and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today, I want to give you four simple techniques that we've been testing, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can try in their business.
The first is, cut.
It's never been more true than today, which is less than today.
People always bother when I say,``cut . ''
They care about losing space in the airplane.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of weird constraints, there will be an increase in sales, you'll get the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & Shareholders to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cat Corporation eliminated the products for cats that are less sold, they increase the uses at 87 percent, for two causes, higher sales.
It's known to be known today, on average , 45,000 products.
In a Walmart store, they offer about 100,000 products.
But the largest store in the world today is Ali and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that you've emerged on how to handle the choices is the David Latin, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a life insurance fund.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, people often say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees,``Tell me the differences of those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you cannot do your clients . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people from this audience, some vacation with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the Gary supply.
( Few applause) Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
They're not more??
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it really gets more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information on the first round, than in the second one, but I can say that you thought the second time was more.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of options of choice, which is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and the consequences must be very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit, than when it uses effective?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
So we did a study with Ashley Benjamin and Alexander President, on the personal IBM staff that worked in DNA, these people were in a meeting where they were being addressed to a 404 plan.
That meeting, that we were looking at exactly how it was used, we did a little addition.
What we added was that we applied to the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the 20 percent and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account, from four percent.
The third technique is Clarine.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Global supermarkets, along the northeast corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 13 different types until 624.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to differentiate them.
These are two jewelry displays.
One is called``Jazeera"and the other one,``Sweden . ''
If you think the one on the left is Switzerland, and the one on the right is Jackie, they give a pat.
( A few applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Jackie and the one on the right is Switzerland, they give a pat.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jackie and the one on the right is Switzerland . But you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
categories have to indicate something that they choose, not what defines them.
You're often seeing this problem with these huge lists of funds.
Are I supposed to be informed?
My fourth category: Consometed complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows it completely.
You have to make 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each.
Color, outside the car . I have 56 possibilities.
motors, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half the clients are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from little options, four boxes , 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at??
How involved you are.
If you're always acting the button in every decision, this indicates you're overwhelmed, or you're losing them.
We find that the ones that go from many options at a time, they take the button by defect over and over again, and another.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, you continue on there.
The same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was to alter the order of information.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Even though I choose the change box, I'm not saying anything about the preferences of inside decoration, anyway, we're prepared to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more compared to the process.
It's to summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options: cut, eliminate strange alternatives, to make it real; classify, we can handle more categories with less choices; to connect complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help drive the alternatives, or better, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices, the more we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter, you should record it to the government.
I had to record a text sheet of an example written with the machine.
And this for government could trace the origin of texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't realize that somebody could do this, so much that it would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots printed on every page that follow a pattern that makes them themselves from one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to get a lot out of this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If you see what happens in the online world, we can farm the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golden from the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to make a lot of money, a lot of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, billionaires, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valley Talks, from Turkey, Estonia.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Ken Sundanese.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tony Alaska, etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortune, but they do it by illegal means through banking trips to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this lady, Sam Jain, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jain, you know, he was known . He was unknown.
And I say that today is more likely to be victims of a real crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad at worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of improvements that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have deployed over the last 12 months, occupying a role in online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: criminals that do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states that they attack.
And then we see cases like Dicking.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Digital is an authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
It's going to be the last fall of the last fall because of a sabotage.
They brought the security of the site and they were permissing a cyber.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people from the attack to Dicknomy.
And the answer for him was.
So how do people die from a attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What do the certificate do?
Well, you need if you have a website with methane, services encrypted SLL, services like Gmail.
Except, you're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put out.
And they emit security certificates.
And in the case of Digital, it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt??
Well, in Egypt, protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the umbrella of the building, they found a lot of papers.
There was this charge called``IMF . ''
And within that folder, there were notes from a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications communications communications.
They had sold this tool for 280 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company's headquarters is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, it was found by the Side Court -- a tribe used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervention.
But today it goes beyond.
The connection to the Internet.
They're going to use even tools like the Side Court to infect our computer with a trick to allow you to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions, to get our data.
When we think about things in things like this, the obvious answer should be,``Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why do you worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
The privacy didn't discuss.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could rely on our governments today in 2011, any right we risk today, to forever.
Are we blindly confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the South National Park of Nairobi.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cows, the National National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi doesn't have near most of the South, which means that wild animals like babies migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the media, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up hate a lot to lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
So, I think there are so few in the National Park of Nairobi.
A child in my community, six at nine, is responsible for his father's cattle, and this was the same thing that was happening to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid.
But I realized that actually this didn't serve, because it even helped lions to see the state.
I didn't quit . I continued.
A second idea was to use a space.
I was trying to trick the lions to think that I was near the state.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the spaces, and they went, but the second day, they went back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night, I was walking around the shelf with an torch, and the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I came up with a switch that I would ask and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
It's all.
As you can see, the solar cell load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little industrialized box . I call it a transformation.
And the induced box makes the lights break.
As you can see, the bulbs go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how you see the lions when you come at night.
The lights flash and they get to the lions to think that I'm walking around the shelf, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had problems with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the bottom, these are the lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all Kenya, to scare other predators as hyenas, leopard, and also being used to escape elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So, a year ago, it was just a kid on the savanna of the savanna speaking my father's cows, and I used to see planes flying, and said that someday would be within one.
And today I'm here.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grow.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my father and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Astronomer collapses . What in my tongue means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship . Richard Thuro: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RL: My next invention is -- I want to do a fence . CA: An electric fence?
RSW: I know that the fence is already invented, but I want to do mine.
CA: You've already tried one time, right? And you -- LT: I've tried it before, but I got a candle . CA: On the foot . Richard Turing, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage each step that you give, friend of mine.
Thank you very much . JT: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought that my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``Don't envy anything . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Indian history, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
And sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought that I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're getting together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms, looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine dragged to North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
In the end, more than a million Americans died during the famine, and only few survived eating grass and insects and shelter.
They also became more and more frequent of energy cuts, all of my around, I was completely dark at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we didn't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which is a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very eager at certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out from North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like a neurological refugee.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replaced to a horrible destination of North Korea.
A day, my worst nightmare was actually done, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had been accused to me for being North, so they tested my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
He was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and deported.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer told another one,``This was a false report . She's not northern . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for foreign embassies.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports police.
These women were very lucky.
Even though they've captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, non-stars are captured in China and deported to North Korea, where they're tortured, incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of its world can take you in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea, it was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We're all Korean, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of division.
You even go through an identity crisis.
Am I Korean or North America??
Where am I? Who am I??
Suddenly, there was no country that could call with pride my pride.
Although embracing the life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan . I started studying for the university exam exam.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
North Korean authorities were interested in some money that I sent to my family, and, as punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a little location in the outskirts.
They got immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I loved the border with North Korea.
Because my family could not speak Chinese, I had to blame them, somehow for over 10,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everybody, and he started asking questions.
As my family could not understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I stood up and I said that they were deaf people that I was doing.
I looked at me systematically, but fortunately I thought.
We did all the way to the Larry border.
But I had to spend most of my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the border illegally.
After paying mountains and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Catories capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was represented in short prison from the South Korea embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or ticket.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man ask me,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man went to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans and get them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the North people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and the North American people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the hope rays that the North American people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they take a new country, they start with little or anything.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, practices of English language, labor practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help by giving Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans crawling around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is South Central: liberal stores, fast food, badlands.
So the planners in the city came together and thought, we're going to change the South Center name so that it represents something more, so they changed it to the South Angeles, as if this is actually wrong with the city.
This is the South Angeles . Literature stores, fast food, badlands.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the South Central Conditions, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take more people kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than, say, Beverly Hillis, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired to see that this happened.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in its neighborhood?
I see wheelchair chairs, and sold and sold cars.
I see painting data centers like Starbucks.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes and back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, it was planted a forest of food in front of my house.
In a patch of land that we call a garden.
It's 45 meters.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Group, we put together and started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group that is paid by gardens of all the procedures, all of the city and completely voluntary, and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
The city was on top of me, and in summary, I was given a little bit of a quote saying that I had to remove my garden, and the city was made of court.
And I was like,``Come on, really?
A judicial order to plant food in a piece of land that nobody cares?"And then it was like,``Well, let me get it . ''
Because this time was not going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Louit, and I talked to the conclusion and one of Green Group members, who put a petition in Charlie, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My client even called to say that they went out and they'd love what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more balloon terrain.
It has 68 miles of raft.
That's about 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 75 million tomato plants.
Why don't you look good about this?
Growing a plant will give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of a result.
It's my anthem, when I tell people, crops your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central.
I grew up there . I raised my children there.
It reminds me to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I cultivate my art.
Such as a graffiti artist, which breaks walls, I'm wearing soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my regret of that canvas.
They will be surprised to see what Earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how people affect.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, a transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
They will be surprised to see how kids affect.
gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a cloud.
Also, they get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and her daughter, were like 10 at night, and they were in my garden, went out and looked very close.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you fear that people are going to steal your food? ''
I say,``For God, I'm not afraid they're going to steal . ''
So it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at once, I want you to challenge your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee shelter at the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared me his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, just for a moment.
So Green Group has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, as about 50 people coming, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If the kids are growing up, kids will eat tail.
If you grow tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes, but if none of this is taught, if you don't teach how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what you get in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck in . I see color kids that are on this way designed for them, that doesn't take them anywhere.
With gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are leaving their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carter.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to replace it.
What I'm talking about is to put people to work, pull the kids out of the street, to know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everybody to become engineered, grant, giant gardens.
We need to change the script of what a gas is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a sign.
That the gas takes their word right?
That's their choice.
In addition, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your stick so that you can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Malay noise) (Middle of microwave) Probably everybody agrees with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, in which it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that goes out.
And especially if you go into your bicycle and these cars pass, that's not very pleasant.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to do porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the Netherlands's roads, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the rain water flows down to the side and they'll have a road where it's easy to drive, and they won't save water anymore.
Noise also disappears in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise disappears, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it going to get? See, in this road, the stones of the surface are coming out.
First of a stone, then several more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that . But you can damage your windshield, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create bacteria with that.
There . It's ready.
Backs, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage is in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of warning between stones.
Because of the performance, to the ultraviolet light, to the oxygen, this admiratory, the glue, the glue between the king, will be shrinking, and if you get together, you will be microbial and separated from the addition.
So, if you drive down the road, you'll pull the added -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of self-repair materials.
If we can make this material to self-assemble, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, from that to clean up salmon, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a computer machine.
The induction can heat, especially steel, it's very good at that.
So what you've got to do is heat the steel, melt the arm, the button flow through these microprocessors, and the stones will go back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big infrastructure machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the show, which now I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So they donated a piece of road , 400 meters from the Acure highway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples of the samples, we put a lot of load on them, we repeated them then with our educational machine and we repair them and test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy to, actually, increase the life of the surface of the road, can even double the life of the surface, and they can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of if this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to focus first before I can show you how the repair does.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the shark in my house.
My father was listening BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile on his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed it.
\" The Taliban went!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
\" Now, you can go to a real school ,"he said.
I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban stood up from Afghanistan and made girls go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a kid to escort my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that two could educate us.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could support where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that it looks like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once at the time, school closed suddenly for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were threatened, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total bow of a remote prostate from Afghanistan . I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father repeated it.
But my mother education became teacher.
This is her.
It will be retired two years ago, just to convert our house in school for girls and women from our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of her family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not to educate his children.
During the years of the Taliban, I remember that there were moments in which I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and not a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Yemeni, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money . They can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So, you still want to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than high school, and if my family would have been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud of graduating in Beijing College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate.
He didn't just fall out of my college title, but I also was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, and I'm going to drive it on the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the 1014 global ambassador, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOL, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like mine, advocate for them, to weigh and still in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from Swiss to his village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice warned that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you'll try to try.
\" Tell me, if you want ,"he said,``but I'm not going to give the future of my daughter for her old and reduced ideas . ''
What I've realized of Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind the most of those who we succeeded, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling interests of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, girls who went to school, remember, remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't take much, after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see the students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that encourage them, I see a future promise and a lasting change.
And for me, Afghanistan is a country of hopeless hope and possibilities, and every day girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exile,``daughter, resist Gaddafi . struggle against him.
But you never get a Gaitra style revolution . ''
They've spent almost two years since it bursts the philosophical revolution inspired by the slides of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian revolution.
A force with a lot of other police citizens, inside and out of the country to call a day and start a revolution against the Guilding military regime.
And we did it; it was a great revolution.
Women and men, young people were in the forefront, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying freedom banners, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a courage to be able to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
And yet, Gaddafi left a burden, a little bit of tyranny, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Gaddafi military regime destroyed the infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of liberal society.
And the devastation of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, along to many other women, rebuild the philosophical civil society, by taking an inclusive transition and just to democracy and national reconciliation.
There were about 200 organizations in Benjamin for, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Tibet.
After a period of 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops on the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an amazing group of women, we started the Women's Life platform, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse guidance, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and for our right participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the professional period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is moved from selfish domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
But gradually, the elation of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing; every day we found news news.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi graves.
Another day I loved the news of the American ambassador and the attack attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the official officers of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of military and their continued violations of the human rights rights and their lack of law respect.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, gets more polarized, has been removed from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, which we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
Now, I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of``underground list"and elections.
I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, choose bad, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
Was the replacement and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
So what happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policy policies and exclusion, both by men like women?
Perhaps what was missing were not just women, but female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue and consensus creation more than I needed elections, which only reinforced polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the feminine more than needs the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like outrage agents and calling days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We need to develop a female speech, which is not just honor, but also put in practice the mercy instead of revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, remotely destroyed by war, desperately needs to get peace.
Because peace has a alchemy that's about interconnection and alternative between feminine and male perspectives.
That's the real creationism.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political form.
According to a version of the Koran``Salaam"-- the peace --``is the word of God, reporting, compassionate . ''
At the same time, the word``rat ,"which is known in all of the arithmetic traditions, has the same root in Arabic than the word``Ramarity"-- uterus -- submitted by feminine and maternal, which would reach all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and people have loved.
And so, like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of nuclear compassion is all the existence.
This is what it tells us,``My mercy would get all the things . ''
This is what it tells us,``My mercy would be about my anger . ''
That all of them were considered the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question, which has an equally disturbing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everyone always does: Why do she stay?
Why would someone stay with a man who pays him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I just launched at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the Secret magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green career American Saturn, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, hit me to my head with a gun, hit with bullets.
The man, which loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, love of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA in marketing from the White Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for``Fortune 500 ,"among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burrourga and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married, and we have three children.
My dog is a black puppet and I drive a minimum Minister Odyssey.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody, all the races, all of the levels and education levels.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the traffickers are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent relationships, or long duration or, in the families, the last place we would want or expect to find violence, which is a reason why, the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told them that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who sticks him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence that the other ages, and more than 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples, boyfriend and abusive husbands in the United States.
I also was a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to my side in the subway in New York City and started to fly with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he had just taken away from a university from the Indian Lender and worked in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what I was most impressed in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed like a child in the field.
I had a big batch like apples, and a role short hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the most intelligent things ever made from the beginning was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it especially at the beginning of a pedestal.
And we started coming out and loved everything of me: that I was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, I put passion in helping teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congress believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done.
And that was why the literature in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to educate and spell the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and let my dreams work, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, that I was entering the head on a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the violence threat to see how it react.
And here it is where you go on the scene those guns.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where Congress had to feel so secure, it was bought three guns.
One was in the car glove.
Another one was holding underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said he needed those guns because of the trauma that lived in small.
I needed to feel secure.
But those speakers were actually a message for me and, although I had never lifted my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend and married it.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happy forever, because I loved him and he wanted me too much.
And I was very, very approaching.
There was just very self-assembly of the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never get hurt.
I spent twice more on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in my head that I bounce several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he ran down the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congress continued to get me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply tormented man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congress face their demons.
The other question that everybody's doing is: Why don't it just march??
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
So for me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we, victims, we know something that normally you ignore: is incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killing in the cases of domestic violence happens after the victim has end the relationship, after we get married, because then the host has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the host has returned to married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family court system to land the victim and their children, which are normally forced by judges to spend time not oversight with the man who beat their mother.
And yet we keep asking why it just doesn't go?
I was able to be able to go, because of one last slide that I was selling my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, she would have killed me if he had allowed him.
So I broke silence.
I told everybody: to the police, my neighbors, my friends and my friends, to my friends, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotypical victims as spooky headlines, self-destructive women, days.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The guilt is yours for staying ,"as if the victims are routinely looking at men who want to destroy us.
But since I published``Locket love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escape, who learned an unstable lesson of what happened to them and refused their lives and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a tender and nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black t-shirt and also that minimize.
What I'm not going to have ever had ever had ever, ever, is a charged pistol pointing into my head in somebody who says I want.
Right now, you're thinking,``Hello, that's fascinating ,"or``Hi, what silly was it ,"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being abused or that they were small or that they are a hurricane themselves.
The bat might be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
victims need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the bat to light talking about it with their children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
They rethink their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people, who have a full future.
You recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to slow down your climb and show the victims a safe output.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . My name is Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this time there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have been dressed like this . luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first drop of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to do it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it appeared, they don't have to tell you now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad that I don't have to use.
The worst part is to pass this sweater on the head, because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so they do nothing as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
He was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that he would pull up the back and throw the baby's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, even though surface and unchanging, has a great impact on our lives.
So today, to be courageous means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my labor sector, that is to be a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always ask me, but honestly.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say,``A championships found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire, and we've also associated it to a high, substantial view, to womanhood and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, a heritage that I've known to take for money.
And I know there are people in the audience that now show skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say -- wait . There are Naomi, Turkish, Joan Smoths, Liu Wen.
First of all, the happy ones to know so much models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at NYU's University of New York City, and every one of the models in the past, and the 677 hired models, only 27, is to say, less than four percent, were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Can I be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? Can you be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a neighboring carbon surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the record chief of the American Journal, or the H executive director of H & M, or the next Steven Mexico.
To say, most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike the cardiac surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've done your studies, and you have a curriculum and some jobs at your back, no matter what you say, I mean, if you say you want to be President of the United States, but your rsum said,``Mountain clothes for 10 years, people would look weird . ''
The next question that people always ask me is if all the pictures are broken.
And yes, they're virtually reading all the pictures, but that's just a little bit of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a bugs, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I go together to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a park party a few days before the photos for French Voice.
Here I am with my soccer team and in the magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, teachers, makeup, photographers and styles, and all their aid and property and prostate, and they get to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many 20 feet and I never use, except the past couple, but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a driver, and he jumped a red in red, and, of course, they stopped us, and I was based on a feeling, agent so that I could keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for my aspect, not for what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers that were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 young black young people in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of getting me off?
But how many times I'll stand? And when?
So when I research for this talk, I found out that 53 percent of the 13 year-old girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: What's the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the most brilliant hair, you'll feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and hair, it will be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most brilliant hair and the collection more to the fashion, but it's probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a racial and gender situation when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to get from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to subject a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I was not me who I took them.
There were no artistic directors, no estimates, no opportunity to repeat photos, even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them put tourists at random.
My story begins when, I found myself in New York City to give a position, my wife grabbed me this picture by holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That's the 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you know what comes now.
When I approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me,``Why don't you take New York City on a paradox journey and you continue the ritual? ''
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us the picture.
It's surprising that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has ever denied, and fortunately, no one has ever fled with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much we would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter will reach new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how he perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when all of a sudden, it stopped in dry and pointed a red tower from the wrist store that I'd run from small in previous visits.
And he described me what had felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I was able to remember her heart painful to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging in conscious creation of memories.
I don't know, but besides these 15 photos, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and don't decide to get somebody and ask yourself,``Would you take a picture? ''
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bugs are in the most threatened bird group.
First, why do they have such bad press?
It's also been associated with Disney laughter, like mental characters, silly, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan printing press, applause and updates these are the attributes you associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment, and the parameters don't help prevent the spread of diseases.
They're a lot of fun . They're far away . And, my favorite, the bugs have better presence . There are two kinds of objects on this planet.
There are the New World ports that are mainly found in America, like companies and candidates, and the Old World Buddhas, where we have 16 species . Of these 16 , 11, face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the buildings important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services . Clean.
They are our natural trash collection.
They clean the keys to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria . They help to absorb the anthrax that would not be for them to extend and cause large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buses, the carcasses take three to four times more time to decompose, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of diseases.
The buses also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
Netra was the symbol of the protect and the maternity, and along with the copper, the unit between the height between the Alto and the Egypt.
In the Indian mythology, Jaipur was the god Barry, and he risked his life to save the silence of the 10-year-old devil.
In the Tibetan culture, they do a lot of really important energy to open sky . In places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these buses provide a natural elimination system.
What is the problem with the bugs?
We have eight species of forests in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . Paracon communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, buses are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bugs are in the critical list of extinction of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, they're extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the cattle consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dialogues.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Because there's no bugs, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in beer landfill, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge pump of time for rage . The number of rage cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : 350 recovering performances are going to be up from Lake Turkana.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're birds.
In Western Africa, there is an awful trade of dead boats to serve the brutality and the factory market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting them out.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments on regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation to the bugs, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can they help? They can become active, make noise . They can write a letter to their government and tell them, we have to focus on these very uncomfortable creatures, to donate their time to spread the word . spread the word.
When they go out of this room, they will be informed about the bugs, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the buses.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed because he saw them flying without effort, without energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do, and everything I do professionally -- my life has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977, I'm a young man, but I am no longer . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set out in Africa failed.
And I was puzzled.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
And instead of that, everything we did, we did.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Blues of the Zambia ,"was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Zambia River, and we teach local people to grow Italian tomatoes and heat and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they don't work, and we were astonished that the locals, in so fertile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we are here ."`` Just in time to save people's Zambia's people . ''
And of course, everything in Africa got beautifully grown.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow to this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the relatives,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red from the night in the morning, about 200 p.m., we were hippied from the river and ate everything, and we said to the changes,``Oh my God, we hit them! ''
And the relatives said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought that only we Italians make mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, what they did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothetical.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we get to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, he read``Death Death ,"by Damada Mose, the family economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered Africa two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Let me give it a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are improvisation, colonizing metals, and we treat people only in two ways, or sponsors, or we are pathologists.
The two words come from the Latin Atlantic root, which means``father . ''
However, it means two different things.
Palestine, I treat any of a different culture like my children .``I want a lot . ''
Paper, I treat everyone in a different culture like my servants.
That's why white in Africa are called``Blood ,"boss.
That book gave me a boat in the face .``The small thing is beautiful ,"written by Summit, who said above all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, let them go alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``Can you -- can you imagine a city that's not a neurologist? ''
I decided at 27 years only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Fortune Force Company, where you never started anything, you never motivate anybody, but it becomes a server of the local passion, the series of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So, what do you do? It's street.
It never gets to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people of locality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee . We got together on a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give someone an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's you going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years ago and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we heard them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never attend, and they'll never say, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity has identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work faces, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family's family doctor, the family's family doctor, who's established with you at home, at the coffee table, in the coffee, and helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a trial in Spain, Western Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get rid of this condition that we got to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 project projects, and the government came to me to ask,``How can you do that?
How can it do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
I got out and listened to them ."So, the government says,``Make it new ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drake, one of the most great corporate advisers in history, passed at the age of '96 a few years ago.
Peter Drake was a philosophy teacher before he involved in business, and this is what Peter Drake says,``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you're all rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the smartest people at Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them, privacy, privacy, has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll go out, you'll come mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 clients.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you show about this morning?
Passionate local people . That's what you've chosen.
So what I tell you is that the spirit spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first Industrial Revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we communicate, we communicate seven billion people in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who's going to invent the technology for the green revolution? The universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!
You'll be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in the early year, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was minimal: New York City existed within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed, if the population kept growing up to this rate, to bring the population from New York to the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already startling in dung . And so, in 1960, they were divided this dirty technology that would take the life in New York.
So, what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, the United States appeared 150,000 cars , 100,000.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few, stage, factories in separate places.
Development, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them a lot.
Otherwise, you will not be talking to you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And, subsequently, you will have to tell you the truth to understand.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things beautifully: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a human being in the world that can do, sell and search for money alone.
There is no.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and observed the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Western, Edison, Ford, all the new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: none of it was started by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He was not just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . No one.
So, we can create the community where we have a facilitator, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee, in bars next to their dedicated beds who are going to do for you, which somebody did for you, who's about this gentleman who talks about this epiphy, someone who will ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
OK, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` Would I look for someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automations, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share more our hopes to empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give lover and horrors and dreamer for centuries and trust.
There's a parade in New Orleans . There's a disaster in New Orleans, and the city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the most abandoned amount of properties in America.
I live near this house and thought, how could I turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me.
Their death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for the living time.
It gave clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I'm kidding for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day and forget what's really important for one.
So with the help of old and new friends, he transformed the wall of this house in a giant blackboard and painted about her phrases to complete,``Before I die I want...''
So the transistors could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was packed and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die I want to be judged by piracy ,"`` before I die I want to sit on the checks line . ''
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people.
Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
Before I die, I want to live outside the network.
Before I die, I want to hug it again.
Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
\" Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and people's hope made me laugh, and they got me off, and they gave me a difficult time.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scary ways, and it's about giving the reflection and the contemplating, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So my colleagues of the civic center, we made a kit, and now they've done walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution, it's more important than ever, to find ways of conserving perspective and remembering that life is brief and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
I'm going to think of classical death our life.
Our shared spaces can be reflected better than individuals and as a community and more means to share hope and fears and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
He's 22 years old, he's high and very handsome.
It doesn't speak, but it's better than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
It's completely shared by what happens.
It's not awful . I don't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very handsome.
It puts the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came up with each of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, my arm in my arm during the first episode of the Taliban and the Lady Gaga birthday.
Isn't it amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society of society, they're often ignored and uncomfortable.
But what I pushed my heart and I posed my soul was that even if that was the case, although they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In every single individual, it's made differently, from there that Rem is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it is one of the development disorders that increase faster in the world, there is no cause or cure . .
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I yelled a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested at me at all.
He was living alive and started in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that there was between media.
As it grew, it became more different, and the differences became more obvious.
But beyond threats, frustration and integrative hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that I've taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that would not want to change the normal.
normality passes the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that we're different doesn't mean that some of it is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Rem and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- it's a gift! Every one of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what should have been Alice in the Marine country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, which gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared . I was scared, scared of these students with their great minds, their big books and their great words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had these conversations with students . I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these great conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please get us with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer ourselves, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the features, they study the concerns, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, they care with the jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of your ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time"that is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to make them dumb.
Instead, as Einstein said, everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They are ways to cheat and engage with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about``bullet"signs.
They've wondered why they call``bullet"? What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and they will kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's too supported in the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of General Brown's example is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of officials is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legible phrase, which the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all the media, talk with simplicity . Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Oxford English dictionaries is``supercomputer . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``substance"means``dishonest policy . ''
Even though there was a 19th century personal editor that defined it much better when he said,``A subsidies"is that I look for a public charge without matter, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it by the mere use of a remarkable vertical monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means``reporter . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was due to the bravery of a guy with the name name of Brazil Cross, who confronted the Parliament.
They took him in the Tower Tower and they were incarcerated, but he had the whole courage to face them, and finally had such a popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the phrase``ball like that balance . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's a definition of freedom of expression.
But to show you how words and policy interact, I want you to go back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was discovered in Congress for a long time.
They introduced all kinds of suggestions that could be frustrated.
Some of you wanted to call it``Western State chief ,"and others,``His George George Washington ,"and other``Department of the U.S. peoples of the U.S. peoples . ''
Not very attractive.
Some of you just wanted to call it King.
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with it were control, they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain term.
And I could have served.
Everyone gets tired immediately, because this debate is made for three weeks.
I read the day of a poor Senator, and I always wrote,``Still with this issue . ''
What caused the delay and the way was the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to become power.
They didn't want to call it king for me, and I was giving it to him.
So, they wanted to give you the most modest, more insignificant and more unfortunate title that happened.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . It was already before, but it only meant``somebody who provided a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And he didn't have much more great than the term``foreman"or``supernova . ''
There were presidents of small colonial fighters and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate ran.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treated and meet foreign dignity . ''
\" And who will be serious with a such ridiculous and insignificant title as President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been fully reflected the President title.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep on there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- -- it's possible that we're going to wait for 123 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President doesn't sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world and a floating drone vehicle and so on.
The reality and history has gone to the great degree.
So in the end won the Senate.
They got their response title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness by then.
But, you know how many nations you have now President??
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
At the end of the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one's going to feel humble when you tell you that it's the U.S. President.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, it's actually changing most of the words that that might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is charged with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak, but most of all, that cacophony of male lions and stones with primitive tools.
Like the others, I take a cheap light flashlight attached to the head with this pink elastic, and I can barely distinguish the walls of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of feet on the ground.
And I would throw out my hand, and I suddenly remember a mine that I met days before, who lost control and fell countless feet in that piece.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole by risking their lives without payment and, often, dying.
I walked out of that hole and went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace House.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met an integral from the Seals, the symbols, a NGOs that is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world but not such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I was very upset to ignore this atrocities of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made by the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the CEO of the Seads and to offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered my second home.
But this time, I would plant dirty trees.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced during all of the traditional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today, you can enslave entire families by generations for $18.
Amazingly, slavery generates more than $13 billion a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then find that they're forced to work without payment, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today, slavery operates: goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the bricks of bricks.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the Delhi of Dan.
Instantly in a temperature of 54 degrees, men, women, children, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a material stick, magnified mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at a time, and they take them from the adjacent oven to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Described by monopoly and tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, or to drink, and the severe carbs would make it pee out quite transcendent.
So penision was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and I sat there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the journalist who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it . ''
And I was very clear that showing emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on Frank the Seattle and work within the system for its release and trust that they will get it.
For me, I hope to get home to feel my heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running stones for miles by mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big glaciers were more heavy than children who were carrying them and children were holding them to their heads with career straps made of sticks, ropes and rags.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some of you don't even know that you're slaves and you're working 16 hours a day without payment because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villagers picked up their freedom, the astronauts burn each other.
When I hear the word slavery we often think about sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness, I was really hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
Back in Kathmandu was women who were previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by some angle stairs that gave this dirty basement, a fluorescent light.
It was not exactly a brothel.
It was more a restaurant.
Rearon, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where women' slaves with their girls and children, some of the only seven years are forced to entertain clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a boom and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse in their clients.
On the lobby, I remember having felt an ordinary acute fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had one exit: the stairs where I came in.
There were no hind doors.
There were no windows enough to climb.
Those people don't have school, and because we play a very difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor hand.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the trade of silk.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father, the teams of blue and red, of their children.
They mix trips in these big barrels and raise silk in the liquid to the elbow, but it's toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
\" We have no freedom ,"they said.
\" We still expect, however, can go out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work . ''
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in the Valley Lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to a quick look.
I saw what seemed like a fishermen family on a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense.
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their families that are trained, disappeared and forced to work on extraordinary rooms in these boats in the lake, even though we can't swim.
This is eight years old.
When our boat came up, it was shaking; it feared its little canoe outside.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the trees of the trees that are submerged in Lake Valley often attract networks and children, failures and fear, they throw into the water to unleash the branches.
Many are drowning.
Since I remember, it has always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love, he's not going to flee, and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, he's certainly treated by younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning when they went up the last networks, but they'd been working from the one one.
On the cold and windy night.
And it keeps to point that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter in which the symbols of the slavery is returning to slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will get to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving by a road in Ghana with Frank's partners, an Abbrendish partner with his engine suddenly accelerated and surrounded our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it on a dirt path to the forest.
At the end of the path, we went out of the car, and asked the driver to come out quickly.
And then he pointed this little visible and said,``This is the path, this is the path . Come on . ''
As we started to go down, we took the edges that blocked the road and after walking about an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the photos team on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the synagogue was ended up abruptly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
A lot of women had kids tied up to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they walked in poisoned waters.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a piece in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pits, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The pits are up to 90 feet and these people are carrying stone heavy bags that will then be transported to another area where they're going to get the stone to extract the gold.
At the first sight, the site seems to be full, strong men, but, if we look closer, we see to work with less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injury, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and marketing in a few years.
This is Manhattan . When his father died his father, her uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die your uncle, Manya inherit the debt of the uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Manya has tuberculosis, and not even to that, is forced to work night and day in that mine.
Still, he dream with being released and educated with local activists like Free the symbols, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give us a testimony of them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . They're people, real people, like you and me, who deserve the same rights and dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful, abused people, which I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to turn out a fire and that fire throwing light on slavery, because without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue living in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math applied, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does: we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the vibrant virtues and the cancer dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably some initial competence that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease dramatically destroy this extraordinary skill, as it does with my friend Jane Strangele who, at his time, was a virtual dance dancer.
In the last few years, it has been very progress in treatment.
However, there are seven million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable, scary weakness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately the only way we will know if there is actually a cure to be when we have an objective and closed metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside clinical trials, they never do . It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves?
You would not need the staff.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to introduce you as a nonprofit way to try, you see, in a certain sense, we are all virtuous like my friend Jane Street.
This is a video of vocal string vibration.
It shows somebody healthy as it comes to speak, and we can imagine as a vocal ballet dancer, because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the necessary genes . The Photoshop, for example.
And, like the ballet, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as the Parkinson affects limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
In the bottom line, you can see an example of the irregular temperature of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Volunteer, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspire after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare in voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
Both of them are skillful . Okay, but also based tests in voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be autonomics.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something gets so low, it appears to mass scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I would not have to go to the clinic for routine check.
With high frequency monitoring we could get objective data.
We could do low cost for clinical trials for clinical trials and for the first time, chemical shocks on scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease before it's too late.
So, when you give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together and Alandia and Palestinians, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can say who's healthy and who not?
What will you get from these samples?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah . What happens is, during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of collected data in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking at the confusion factors in search of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this point?
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Charles, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on mobile phone network also, which agrees the project . Now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Number and nine . Well, it's a better improvement.
MM: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Little, public.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March of 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We're pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the thin models, even more thin, the more perfect skin we do, we do the impossible, possible, and they criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really talented artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
A little bit later, an organization where it was voluntary, there's Hans Volanton, it was in place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
May 13 of May travel.
It's a small town of fishermen located in about 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by wave.
The level of water was recorded over 24 feet tall and over three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the town was devastating.
We put rubble out of the canals and the squares.
We clean schools . We take the mud and we leave the houses ready to be renewed and rehabilitation.
We took tons and tons of dead fish, beautiful, local factory.
We're excited and loved.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and ST cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
They'll pick them up and take them to different places from around to keep them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures would represent a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
While they were fleeing the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village assessment center.
It helped clean the communal bathrooms, the enormous, giant batteries.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the rating center collect photos.
There they took them, and I had the honor that that day trusting me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons, but it was not until I went through my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the photos, I found some who had over a hundred years, some of them were still at the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I went into Facebook contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to raise the photos.
This was the first of all.
It was not too scary, but where the water had documented the face of the girl, I should fix it with a lot of precision and delight.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the terrifying picture.
With the step of time, they arrived for more photos and they needed more refugees, so it went back in Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries offered to help.
In two weeks, I had 150 people to join.
In Japan, in July, we mobilized Reuther, a neighbor village north of the northern.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that you'd have to deliver them is a different story, depending on of course the deployment of the photos.
It could mean an hour . I could explain weeks.
I could explain months.
This kid had to draw practically by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water hadn't destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in salt water, covered of bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of it together with the step of time, I continue to destroy them, and that's why cleaning them out was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky to hand.
We have the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to damage even more pictures.
As I said once Win, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures had been lucky in relation to photos.
I had started cleaning them out, but it stopped when you realize that it's even more.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild, we were able to flap the images in one photo and pick the whole picture.
When I picked her pictures, he shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble of the rubble that I used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of shutting the barriers into the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the Sirens sounded.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
It took him a week to find all his family and know that they had all survived.
The day he handed her pictures his youngest son , 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, these pictures were the best gift that I could do, something that he could do to look at, something that I could remember from the past that hadn't been killed by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them helped us clean over 130,000 photographs, the vast majority -- the vast majority of them came back in their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 hundreds of completely broken and remote pictures.
During this time, we don't really spend more than $1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a relationship, somebody dear.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look at.
This was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of retroining.
Some of them connected them with something bigger, back to something, using their talent for something that are not a thin skin model.
I'd like to read this email, and I sent it to him the day that I came back from Japan after six months.
As I realized, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a woman with women from different ages from grandmother to small girl, gathered around a baby, moved me, because a similar picture of my family, my grandmother, my mother, and my newborn daughter, hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Egypt inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that went through an apple in an exhibition of just a million second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to one million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph: the member, a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow motion of the light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-ray, and actually challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer, and I turn it down and put it up in a millennium of a second, and it is, in many ways to create a pack of photons of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
So if we take that balance and this piece of photons and we shoot on this bottle, how are those photons spreading inside this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now all of this -- remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a novel is what it takes on traveling the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't replace this research . There's a lot of things in this film, and it's going to unfold this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, goes into the bottle with a pack of photons that starts to go through and, inside, starts to wake up.
Part of the light goes down, go to the table, and we started to see these ripples.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, waves travel on the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several squares, that the thoughts concentrate.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it travel the same distance and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much think it would take us to sit at that film?
A week? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a moving bullet.
And what about the dead nature?
You can see the waves of the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way that nature painted a picture, I thought, from a feminist at a time, but of course our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you'll notice that, as the light gets off the tomato, it's still bright . It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and light in its inside, and it comes back after several billion billion.
In the future, when this membrane is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go into the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if you take a picture of low exposure, you get very little light.
But we'll be going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you'll barely get some light.
We sent that balance, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very clever synchronization, we took those gigabytes of data and controlled them computer to create those mammals that I showed you.
We can take all of those raw data and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a superhero would be allowed to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . Regeneration, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
And where we could extract those multiple light bounces.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left, it's our signature.
Behind the wall there is a maker and we're going to bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Commissioner.
And a small fraction of photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our commodity, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture in gross, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple lines of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D??
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this from the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's going around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build been able to be able to be able to see the body inside of the body by turning targets, and the same for the cardiac.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a asking scientists to start thinking about motors as a new mission of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just as Doc Egypt, he same a scientist, turned science into art, an art of the plant photographs.
And I realized that all gigabytes of data that we collected are not just for scientific visualization, but we can do that.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves . Remember, time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But here is something fun.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording about the speed of light, we have strange effects, and Einstein would have loved this image.
The order in which events happen in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, get it to Svalbard and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1984 and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were looking for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered in search for a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who on the present have a mobile phone here?
Let me get them.
Raise your mobile phones, take you!
Take them out . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everybody has a mobile phone.
But today, I'm going to talk about my mobile phone, and how life changed.
I'll talk about this.
This is about 35 literature lines.
Data in gross.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . was introduced by a directive.
The Digital Data Director.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider of all of Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in his phone company or the Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people were planted and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data retreat.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want the phone providers and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to Berlin streets and said,``Freedom, not fear . ''
And some even said this would be Stage 2.0.
The Stanford was the East Germany secret police.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time you use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Democrat Telenet, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please would send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I was asked to ask, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're practicing my life.
So I decided to give you a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Debostar Telenet said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they would send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court passed the disbelief for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly about brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD, there was this.
Thirty and five thousand of them information lines.
I first saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge archive . Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it is my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the return of data means.
So, next to Keith Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a sixth months of my life.
You can zoom up and go back, go back and forth.
You can see every step that I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in train to colony, and how often I call the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other one, and the other one, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate each other as you call each other, which time you sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who send an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the Stanford had known who involved in this protest, and if the Stanford had known who leaders were, this would never happen.
The fall of the Berlin Wall maybe never happened.
And, in consequence, the fall of the iron of iron.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home, tell your friends that privacy is an 21st century value, and it's not happening.
When you go home, tell your representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call it Mayan Zachel and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor who brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, affecting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I wake up all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting . I'm like a mix of Shakespeare.
and Muhammad Allah.
The C. is not genetics.
It's not confidence or can't contract.
No one's worthy of my mother's uterus and not the contract because my parents were siblings, even though they are.
Just by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from past.
Christmas Vietnames, they're in the mall, they drive in circles for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the C. C is just one of them.
There's a wave of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Park Cliff, New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``you can't . ''
My father's mantra was,``You can [unclear] doing it; dancing . ''
If my three biggest sisters, I clean.
If my three older sisters went to the public school, my parents would take the school system and make sure that I was also out, and if we didn't take all the top note, we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, putting my heel on his feet and just walking.
Another tactics I used was to hang a dollar in front of me to follow it.
The suburban that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a boxing champion that has received a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think about using the Muslims, as a campaign motto.
The people I grew up with didn't have problems with my faith.
However, it seemed like to worry about hunger during the Ramadan.
I was telling them that it had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'm going to help the dawn of the dawn, it's very easy.
dance tattoo in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't pay physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, and I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a girl, so if my friends were using heels, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacation on the coast of Jesse, I was not going.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madahmbe.
In the summer vacation often, my father was trying to greet me, so I drink a deer milk, put hot cups on the back, and I remember in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and thought,``It works, it works! ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga, I was a standard comparation that couldn't stand on foot.
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I walked in all of the fees.
It was like the paper department of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene of the crystal zoo, my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the U.N. decided to make a piece called Dance very slow in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy.
I was a girl with cerebral palsy.
So I started screaming at four winds,``In the end of a paper.
I have brain palsy.
At the end, at the end!
Thank God all-powerful, I'm free . ''
They didn't get the paper . They gave Steven Brown.
I went to increase running into the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why, and she said, because they thought I couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk scenes, it can't be the character . either . ''
It was a role that I literally was born and gave it to an act without brain paralysis.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a waste story of adding actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated, I went home, and my first actor was sort of like a telephone.
My dream was actually made.
And I knew that it would be advanced from```` comparence"to``better crazy friend"in a sandwich.
Instead, it was there as a vase, I didn't see it more than the neck, and it was obvious to me that the repeated directors didn't hire fat, white actors, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at White Goldberg, Rosetta Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedian.
And that's why I made myself humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the first comic comic face that I took when I fell on the account that I was at high speed by the New Jersey freeway with a driver who had cerebral palsy.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to acknowledge the first place, but I know that they never heard that little nasty romance that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my mother's brother and father, Dean Lenal, and I launched the New York City Festival, now in her 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in media, and at the same time remind them to the representative directors that suburban and Arabic are not synonymous.
Interesting the Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
And I was invited to the cable news program -- I think of Keith Olympic.
I came up as if I went to a graduate dance, I was dragged to a studio and sat on a wheelchair.
I looked at the director, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two . ''
And we were live!
So I'd cling to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
I was at the end of my opportunity, and I knew it would not invite me.
But not just Mr. Obama came back to me, but he was like a full-time participant and pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith Olympic was that people on the Internet are elusive.
It's said that children are cruel, but they never fall out of me or a little older.
Suddenly, my Internet disability became an object.
I looked at online clips with comments like,``Why do you smell? ''
\" Is it retroining? ''
And my favorite:``Poor terrible baseball.
What disease is it?
We should really pray for it . ''
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum: script, comedian, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't do Beijing, then Beijing can't make someone in wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the -- yeah, clap, man . Come on.
The disabled minority of the world, and the most sustained in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it would not walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we've still needed the whole society to teach our children well.
My journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet floating down the diameter of the Sharicophes Sushi Limb and the British Lord Arctic.
I got to act on a film with Adam Spielberg and to work with my idol, incredible Dave Matthews.
Recover the world,``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was convicted of the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Mayor ,"a charity of charity to give the children refugee, a part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting in live, and I read this talk to her memory.
Dad.
I call it Mayan Zachel, and if I can, you can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
It lives in a small village to South Somalia.
This town is near Mohamed.
drought to the small town to poverty and on the edge of the winter.
Without anything to him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mohamed, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspectives.
He ended up living on a tent in the city outside Mohamed.
After maybe a surrounding year, nothing.
One day, a gentleman who offers him to bring him to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a group of people who gives him a break.
It gets a little bit of money for you to buy new clothes, money to send home, your family.
They present a young man.
He finally gets married.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Mohamed, under a blue sky, a bomb car.
That little boy in the great care of the great care was suicide bombers, and that dynamic group of people went to Shakespeare, a terrorist organization connected to Qaeda.
So, how does the story of a little child in a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him by immortal?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, waiting to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came.
This was the first thing that we call the waiting period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the outcasts, young urban young urban young urban disorders in Johannesburg, destroy riots in London, looking for something beyond the``waiting period . ''
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three of every five people living in cities will be under 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the waiting period, the terrorist access to the violence, to the gang, to be the story of the city 2.0.
And in my hometown, Mozart , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Navy Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in front of that hospital, and I'm thinking,``And if I'd never gone? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same``waiting period"?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders in a corporate summit.
It's about 90 Somali leaders.
We sat, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Dean.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
You're looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Firelly years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
He saw an opportunity and the shot.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started checking motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is somewhere to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
And I think his ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the``waiting period . ''
It makes young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohammed Mohamma, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the business of corporate initiative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, we were all of plastic sent from the foreigner.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a business company and a floral design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mohamed, and he began to grow the Tumble and lamps, which he said, could survive the hard weather of Mozart.
And it started the delivery for weddings, creating gardens in the houses and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial pink.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They'd been thinking about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be an artist of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They ignored business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating a culture of corporate spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in the development and put in their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, give them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, corporate spirit is more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Her Peace Park, that's how he calls it, when he's created, transform the way people see their city.
They also hired children from the street to help rent and keep the engines for him.
I gave them the chance to escape the paralysis of the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: They turn young people in entrepreneurs, they go up and they feed their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and parks of the Peace that you get and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Avenue mountains, an area left north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The filter forest.
The sun made the leaves to shine as a vital, and not to be because of the path that we kept on, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to penetrate that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a copy in a bow with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a trash, about four square feet with apple hand balls with aluminum paper balls, and old charge.
And I was announcing, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The carpets that were too lazy to take out what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean up their garbage?
That question went on with me, and it's just a little bit.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how you organize or where you put the``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul??
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, to the reason for 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that load??
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash collection.
Now I'm not just traveling in trucks . I drove them.
And he operated the mechanical schools and bars.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as pervasive as they believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you're very quickly used.
It costs a lot.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies continue to go on the weight of taking their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also danger.
According to the Office of Labor statistics, the waste collection is one of the more dangerous surgeries in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day, and you're going to roll around.
They just want to pass, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the improvement of garbage.
When you get out of the line and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a way of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And there is also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe that the waste collection is the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first protests of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste in the efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to wake up from your container and your inherent dangers threat in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries back to break and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when they're in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, only is your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average daily speed . .
With it, I mean simply the speed we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, we don't repair, we clean or take our coffee cup, our bag of the songs, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will be turned out.
So today, I want to suggest you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His job, I think, is almost libertarian.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to make our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us away from ourselves, of our own waste, our rights, and that flow must always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and dropped the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycled of paper as he did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be right.
Let's be good . ''
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection, and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, we work together many times, and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paula was right.
We're going to be right.
But in our efforts to recognize the way we exist on this planet as a species, we should include and account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
Music waste, what we think when we talk about trash, represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life, forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out running . ''
After looking at some of these buildings, there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy because of the crystals to generate heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this should not happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a translator of a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it really was captured with the ancient market, which is this free air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought that's what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by inspiring the site, which is located in an area of a lot of the city growth, where a lot of the buildings that we see now in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, putting all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an inclusive atrium that creates a free air space in the building that is protected, for its own shape, the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on each floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I set up thinking about a tiny tissue to a portability shell with permissions to allow the air input, and also in a filter way.
Then we're inspired by these beautiful buttons of the Ethiopian dresses.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little pretty little pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is complicated with these little colored crystals that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it was not easy to convince the developers because they thought,``That's not a mall . It's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the mall, because at the end of it, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy supply for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting phones on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these portions on the roof, they collect water for the health care.
It's expected for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master project of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest I've designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I had special attention in the middle, a 1,000-year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors that are interconnected with straight lines, and this makes the initial model.
And the last operation was thinking about the cell, the little cell cell, as the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put up a scheme that sure most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with the courtyards, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that set up a greater density in higher levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The ceiling, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like back to the community, the space occupied by construction.
It's where all neighbors can go up and socializing, and doing activities like running a two miles in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies to the same pace that buildings grow.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between community and environment, and they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new girl entered our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had large amounts of hair, and a little crayons stage, cute, was strong for the capital capitals, very good for option.
And I ended that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister.
I was a time after the exit of school . I was a little late and hidden in the girls's bathroom.
When the coast was off, I went out, entered the classroom, I took my master's table, the book of grades.
And then I did.
And I put the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some like this.
All of them, and he took me back to the book, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes too.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put them all out of Dodge and myself a row of it, just for being there, since I could ...
I'm still surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt OK doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It was all extremely obvious.
I never discovered.
But most of all, I'm curious about the reason that I was bothered by this little girl, so small, it was so good for the policy.
I'm going to give you the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so penetrate.
We know babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primates . The blue birds are very likely.
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of space killings in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that looks at loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
And so, you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab in which the links are studied in all their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy, there was no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen, there's no``Odysseus . ''
There would be no jealous, or``The thousand and a nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare . .
They would disappear the reading lists of high school, because we would be losing``The Noise and The War ,"there would be no``Gateworl"or``Party ."`` Mad Bank ,"and``Anna K . ''
No jealousy, there's no Proust . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost they have them all.
This year is 100 years of their masterpiece,``In search of lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy and also from ordinary competition, my, everything we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the senses of the senses, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a humble mammal in you.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forgot how implantable it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Woody said were as hard as a cat.
I don't know how the cat triple is, but we assume that it is overcome.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and Proust.
It will be very obvious as the jealousy, which is reduced to the person, to their wish, to their empires, are a solid narrative base?
I don't know . I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time and audiences, we know exactly what details to include, to pick the knife, right?
The jealousy makes us all amateur novelists, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give another one, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to tell itself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh charm that San detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Iran and Proust were notoriously jealous.
You know, Professor's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The jealousy is exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And how are the jealousy??
The jealousy is about information.
The jealousy uses the details.
The jealousy likes the big amounts of bright hair and the nice and small pencils tube.
The jealousy is nurtured by the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . Property links the language with the jealousy.
When Singapore is in his season of jealousy, he suddenly hears behind the doors and bribe the servants of his lover, then he defines those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is disgusting, but it's not different to the interpretation of ancient text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says,``These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to show that the jealousy is going to look impossible and make us seem absurd, but in their way, they're search for knowledge, for truth, a painful truth . In fact, to what Proust is aware, the more painful, the better.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss: These were the tracks of Proust.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us a much more profound range of feelings that a wise man can interest us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the links reveal ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion that reveals our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at that peculiar intensity?
Freud writing about this later.
And one day, Freud was visited by a very restless young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't focus on what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that did his wife, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Does it smile too much, or did it accidentally roll with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the idea of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the jealousy makes us look at intensity, but without precision.
In fact, the more interestingly, the more intensely, the more interestingly, we become the residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I believe, the jealousy leads to making violent or illegal acts.
The jealousy is pushing us to behave in totally initial ways.
Now I'm thinking about myself at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan's 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook, from which vital, awful messages to himself, for a year.
For a year, a whole year.
She was trying to instill the new boyfriend of his former boyfriend, I have to confess that when or this, he reacted with admiration.
Because we're realistic.
What enormous, albeit unfortunate, creativity, right?
It's kind of a novel.
Like a New York City novel.
Higgim is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in Track"and``The Talent Mr. River ,"books that are about how the links are, trust our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the kingdom of jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punched in an instant.
Take Tom River, his most famous character.
Tom Riley is going to be like, you know, or want what you've got to get from your own being and to get rid of what you've ever had, and you're under the floor . You respond to your name, take your rings, cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rosling's route.
I can't give you everybody, as well as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in an envy time.
We live in jealousy times.
I mean, we're good citizens of social media, where the currency is envy? Right?
Is the novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're a mystery.
Let's go to Baker Street, and we ask for Shakespeare Holmes.
When people think in Houston, they think about the curse of the male professor in Professor Moriarty, that criminal genius.
But I've always been preferred [to] Seattle, the head head of Latin School Sarah that needs Homo desperately, needs the Homo genius, but it bothers.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Leslie needs his help, but the rest, and bubbles with bitterness in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Six News adventure ,"once you go into it, you wake up all with your solution, Lester comes back to Houston and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Home.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's not a person in South York I would not want to close her hand.
It's one of the time that we see Homo translated in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a Tuesday minute it's the opposite side of Lesters.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, shame is allowed to admire that idea of being the result.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the jealousy is really a geometry issue, just a question of where we are in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to think about the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the contingency plans.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to make us.
Only fiction describes the jealousy.
The fiction alone is used to invite them to the table.
And look what I agricultural: the Lester Stop, the Tamil Room, the crazy Santa, the same Mars Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of Apollo 11 and disappeared about the Sargasso Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the gray surfaces was the culmination of a provocative collective process.
The Apollo program was the greatest mobilization in peace time in the American history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo end program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doaa was walking on their surface, which Alice after the death of Armstrong last year is now the oldest.
So, why were they?
They didn't get a lot of turn around : 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would be fascinated after, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 gives us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some people ask, why the moon?
Why do you turn it into our target?
And you might also ask, why would climb the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why fly about the Atlantic?
Why do Richard play against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Pogue: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a Midwest victory on the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was the wonder to the transcendence of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, polio is eradicated, and it's eliminated.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Toxon in 1970 called``accelerating force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a sailing ship, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 was flying 40,000 miles . hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the choice on the power of technology has been evolved to see that problems that we imagine that technology will solve like going to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world's population seem to be intractable.
I remember looking at Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the tears tube of the satellite Saturn V.
I knew that this would be the last lung mission, but I was completely sure I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that``something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology"has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We heard that for the last two days here at TED.
It seems as if the technologists had distracted us and they'd have enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the great problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a partial explanation in Silicon Valley, who knows that they've created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel, Microsoft, Microsoft and Genetack.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the investment investment has changed the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong with Silicon Valley.
Even when the venture capitalists were at their peak point without worrying about risk, they'd prefer small investments, the minimum investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Koran . They've always had problems to invest in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and what development is in the long term . They've never invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve great problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biofuels, less than two percent, and reason is completely economic.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biomass.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree on what politicians and international treaties would influence the development of alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we'll see an energy policy from America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seemed technological, it turns out not to be.
We know from the time that famine is the result of failure in the food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affected food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and repair, but there will be famine while there are bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes remove a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible residents to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and have, but these four elements have been present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; institutions should support the solution; they really have to really deal with a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a protected model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no competitive competition like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who hurt how hard and dangerous, and there's no a popular science of science fiction, like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon, it turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we're not missing the challenges.
Thank you very much.
OK, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to begin to remind you the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a story: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the story, the goal and the task have been interpreted.
What I'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a recognition, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the topic.
First of all, why do people think that trust has decreased?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm encouraged to think that it may have fallen in some activities or institutions and that might have escalated elsewhere.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to opinion polls, and opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago still being pretty reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway.
But is this enough evidence?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What they're looking at is the generic attitudes that people do when they're asked certain questions.
Do you trust politicians? Trust teachers?
Now, if someone asked you,``Do you trust the vegetables?
You trust fishermen?
You trust the elementary teachers? ''
You'd probably start to ask,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, I trust some, but not in others . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain type of office, function or type of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
So, for example, I could, for example, say I rely on a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but no way to drive the school mic.
After all, I could know that it was not a good driver.
I could trust my more crazy friend to keep a conversation, but not, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way trust is different, why do we stop all of that knowledge when we think about trust more abstract?
I think polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real confidence, because they're trying to obvious the good judgment inherent to trust something or someone.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal I'm going to pursue.
I would argue to have more confidence in what is trust of trust, but not what it is.
In definition, I'm a chance to not trust what is reliable.
And I think these people who had their savings with the very quickly named Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It trust department or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say, you say, yeah, OK, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain aspects.
And I think that in order to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competitive in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have many friends who are competent and responsible but extremely dishonest.
If it's like that, I haven't yet noticed.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before you trust.
The trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and whatnot, which made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said,``Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper that will be able to go on . ''
And we found the same problem in all our public lives, and institutional, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and trials of trustworthiness, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts, you'll see them,``Shake the boxes ,"as we say.
I'm sure all of you know similar examples.
Everything, all that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we will convey the people that we are reliable, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's judgment, simple actions, attitudes, which doesn't make it properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things backwards.
It suggests you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we get other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough foundation so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't cheat, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you've also got to be able to bring ugly trials that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, the ordinary people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give you back without giving explanations.
I'll take you and give me the money, or you change them by the color I want.
That's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're pointing is not something very hard to figure out.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers, we've been working for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the screen world where imagination can be unleashed.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I wonder, and if there was no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be like.
I first created this tool that's inside the digital space, so that when the strange observation against the screen, it transfers its physical body to pixels.
Designers can make their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, they break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all of your hands?
In the Microsoft app division, along with my mentor captured Catholic Boston, I wrote the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent view with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside 3D space, and grab the pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as grab a book from a shelf.
You can run the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
And in these examples, we're going to increase in the digital world.
What if we invest papers and make digital information to come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and returned online things.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is an online trial on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or transplant when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make it be physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would be a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Rehark Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simply, what we did was the gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical performance and detectors.
And when we digitally program the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach, physically, and at the distance, and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can reproduce as a physical reality the times we wanted.
Students can use it as tools to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but begin to act directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without us to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that stays is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Huntington, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a athletes for all expenses.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they strongly believed that there was only a certain path towards happiness: safe and well-educated work.
No matter whether the work I'd like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start to train from very young to learn the restrictions, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adult gave you the idea.
No adult took me.
Only my friends would support me, but they were kids, no authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
And that, during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved looking for another calling.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me? OK.
It goes to the books.
[" Little Ebola ."] [`` lessons from Nano Autonomy"] I got to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Great Earth"is about Chinese wildlife.
And it's not propaganda . I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but odd.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honored your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this confusion trap and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit.
It's a lot of perspectives.
For instance, this map seemed to me outside, because this is what students in China learn.
I had never ever occurred, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought, if the comparative reading worked to investigate, why not do it in everyday life.
So I started reading books from two.
They can be about people [`` Benjamin Arabia"by David McGowan's``John Adams"who were involved in a same thing, or friends with shared experiences.
By the Christ, the temptation are economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, it's all psychological: lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Road Turkey Turkey"] [`` The Talk of The Uncle"Alan Wats, instead of losing me in translation, I found that you can earn a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy . ''
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I'm not going to be alone or powerless.
Having a destroyed dream is really not compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that the realization is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from where passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
To a destroyed dream, you can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So, books always accompanied them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in the clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a hot pad, and he threw on the couch of my office, and he said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I was so relieved.
My classmates had a picture as a first client.
And I was a veteran that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move the head while we went back the solution.
\" The Freedom are the new ones ,"Alex said, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you get married after, you have kids later, to death happens afterwards.
For veterinarians like Alex and I had time.
But soon after, my supervisor pushed me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I'm resistant.
I said,``Of course, it's coming out with the guys underneath your category, you're holding a hollow head, but it's not like if you were to marry it . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Still not, but maybe it married the next.
Also, the best time to work in Alex's marriage is before it gets married . ''
This is what psychologists call``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel a head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This caused Alex's 20, and we were wasting it.
And then I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of veterinarians everywhere.
There are 50 million followers in America, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to the adult without going before by the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the Friday here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with shame, you love a shame, you take the sleep a search, I want to see . It's fine . Amazing, the shame matters.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be at 35.
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments``Aha!"that give it shape to your life, have happened to when you have 30 and so many.
People over 40, don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career has an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that over half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30.
We know that the brain ends up the second and last stage of growth in its 20s and it's breeding for adulthood, which means that if there's something that you want to change yourself, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its top at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the time to educate their body and their choices . .
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the 20s are listening to.
The newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
journalists are taking a ridiculous name to the 20s as``Twitter"and``citizens . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a journey that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give you a psychiatrist in your head and say,``You have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, intelligent 20s, interesting like you or your children and daughters get to my office and say something like this:``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as a race starts a race before the 30, everything is okay . ''
But then it starts to sound like this:``My 20 are for finishing, and I still have nothing to show.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this:``My quotes during the 20 were like the game game.
They all run and they get fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music went off and they all started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay standing, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the legs here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's a huge pressure to the triangle and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much more time period.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once at 30.
The middle-class crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
I realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of the teachers and the quarantine looks at themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and talk about their 20,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the 20s are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or in entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a hat.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had even been more difficult.
He was often crying in our sessions, but then he lifted himself to say,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came put his head on his legs and cried for almost all hour.
He had just bought a new conductor for director, and he had spent the whole morning by filling her with a lot of contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that followed after the words,``In case of emergency, please call...''
I was at the point of history when I saw me and said,``Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who is going to take care of me if I give me cancer? ''
At that time, I was a lot of work to resist and not say,``Me . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really would be worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decade decade of Emma passed.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that every seventh, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds their person.
Doing something that's an investment in what you want to be after.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that intervention, that company that you want to test.
I'm not slowing up the sensory exploration, I'm describing the exploration that I should not count, , by the way, it's not exploration.
It's prostitution.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are great to take you into the airport, but the 20s who are together with the friends with similar minds are limited to who you know, what you know, how you think, how do you speak, and where you work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will go out almost always comes from their closest circle.
The new things come from what's called weak links links from their friends.
Yes, half of the 20s have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to put this group into this group.
Half of the working jobs is never published, then, knowing your neighbor's boss is the way you get a nonprofit job.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing, but as I was growing, Emma soon will choose his family, when he has a couple and his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
You might think that the 30 is better age to sit than the 20 or even the 25 and I agree with you.
But I'm going to choose the person with which you live now or you're happy now when everyone in Facebook start walking into the altar, is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with anyone that gives you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in a museum museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That working supply gave a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived in.
Now, five years later, it's a special organization of events in museums.
This married one man who chose consciously.
He loves his new career, he loves his new family, and I send me a letter that said,``Now, emergency contacts are not big enough . ''
Emma's story may sound easy, but that's what I love working with 20s.
It's very easy to help them.
The veterinarians are like airplanes coming out of Los Angeles airport, that come out somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight fit on its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or 25, and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good break, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading all the vegetables you know.
It's just as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I have the privilege of telling veterinarians like Emma every day: The Serofis are not the new 20, raise their adult, get identity capital, use their weak ties, choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very picky job in management consultant for a job that was even more picky: the doctor.
I went to teach them math students in the public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, it calculated grades.
What I called attention was that the C. was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of them who had a better performance didn't have IQ scores.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that led me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: properties, decide, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivating perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in better ways.
It's the C., but what if having success in school and in life depends much more than the ability to learn very quickly and quickly?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military West West Point.
We tried to predict what chains they would stay in the military training and who would withdraw.
We went to the National Center of Delhi, and we tried to predict what children would go to the farthest possible in competition.
We've been looking at novel teachers working on really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those, who will be the most effective to improve the outcomes of their students's learning?
We partnered with private companies, asking, what about these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who will make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature arose as a major predictions of success.
And it was not social intelligence.
It was not the good appearance, the physical health and it was not the IQ.
It was the determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to its future, day after day, not only the week, not only for the month, but for years and really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination of determination, and then wait about more than a year to see who would graduate.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate, even when I packed them into every feature that I could measure, things like the family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point, or the National contest of Delhi where the determination matters . It's also in school, especially for children in risk of abandoning.
And to me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little that science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do I develop the determination in children??
What should I do to teach kids a solid job of work?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is, I don't know . What I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't go ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, determination is commonly not related or even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol Dick, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Dingue has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to balance, to start all again with the lessons that are learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculator, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an foreigners, it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that anyone who wants to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method to learn Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the traces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academics would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need 1,000 to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, menus of restaurants, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are they ready?
They open up their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, like,``August! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a pair of doors in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create a lot more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that is``follow . ''
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If a person spends their arms, this person is saying,``It was great . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person's trapped.
It's a prisoner, like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, you have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an``idiot ."Easy to remember, because a beating tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fires together, it's very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun goes on the horizon . sunrise.
A door . You put a table inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you touch, is there someone at home?
This person is getting hidden from a door, escape, educating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, they're careful.
So we've already gone through nearly 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing you learn a eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating phrases.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire . It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east of China.
So a sun along the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have??
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked on the other.
In the old China, that meant in exile, because Chinese entrepreneurs would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where it's going to go is a leap.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my kids, and when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The film dominated its imagination for months.
His favorite character was George, of course.
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in some kind of industrial fantasy show show.
However, Oz's magician was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a few years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a metal boy and a hairy kid rescued a dressed girl as a guard of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Wizard of Oz and all the movies we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Wizard of Oz.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I believe that if Oz's magician was done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the Ox salvation as the prophecy predicted it . ''
You use magical shoes to defeat the computer-generated army.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from Oz's magician is that the most heroic, wise characters and even villain are women.
I started noticing this when I did see Star Wars to my daughter a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a son as well.
Only three years.
It was not invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supervision level had gone down . And so, he stood up in the room, and he was impressed as a mom leg with his legs behind, and I don't think he understood what was going on, but incidentally, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what it looks like.
Would they be values of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you have the sense that Luke joined an army to defeat government?
Let's compare this with the Wizard of Obama.
How does Dorothy win his film?
It's making good messages with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up Oz, OK, and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital F, force in the movies for our children, and so little on the path of yellow bricks?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and you should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know because of experience that the Alice princess doesn't provide the right framework that I'd been serving to navigate the world of adults who is blended . I think at the time of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My quest has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why do you keep out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and defend the principles of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, kids, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend from the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Heroter and Kazakhstan, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classic, each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who believe a child.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out brave.
I recommend all of you . It's already available in shops.
Do you remember what the critic said when courageous came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let that stop!
Well, almost none of these films happens to be the British test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
He hasn't thrown roots yet, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Allison Beach is a comic book drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, he recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend of the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that you should do: In the movie, there's more of a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Your conversations are about something else from the kid that you like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet I really see it in the cinema that we know and love.
In fact, this week went to see a very good quality film, Argentina.
Right? Spacecraft rumors, touch success, an idea of consensus of what's a Hollywood movie.
Pretty much, it's not the test of Beck.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the hostage crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hidden, and it's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``You come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular movies, how many of them believe they have female protests?
Okay . It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a bigger number than this one that's going to be disappointed.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music or pornography videos are closely linked, but something is wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual adults.
Who are those guys? What are they learning?
What don't they learn?
They're slaved the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and don't speak?
Are we encouraging that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We've got tools to our disposal as a poetry, and we hope that that helps, but I have to ask,``Is it going to be able to protect you if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power? ''
I mean, I think Netflix's list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly parents.
I think we need to show our children a new definition of men.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the avatar.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of Star Wars knows what he responded?
Window.
Windon Kenya and Belgium.
What do they have in common these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want to be less stories where my son is telling my son: Go and struggle alone and more stories where his work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people improve and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I like to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see.
Yet, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me pick them up.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the archaeology.
And finally, when I started studying Egyptian, I realized to see with my own eyes, it wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles of length next to the Nile.
My sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared.
This is a place in the eastern delta of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, to the naked eye, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we used the satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city called Tiniston, lost for thousands of years.
Wi-Fi was the old Egypt capital for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El F, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance from the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Tiniston was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this enormous revenue of rain.
This area is enormous, it measures about six miles.
Before, the Nile flew right next to the Titan side, and as it changed over time, it moved into the east and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a separate city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we used NASA toppone data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more closely, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, which we think might be the location of Wi-Fi.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample sample shots, but instead of climate change layers, we're looking for human occupation layers.
Five feet down, underneath a layer of slime sludge, we find a dense layer of charity objects.
This means that in this possible location of Tibetan, five feet down, we have a layer of a number of hundreds of years that data from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think is Tiniston.
We also found labor jobs, corruption, quartz and cat, which proves that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common rocks used in the Middle Empire jewelry, these are the rocks that they used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have an evidence of an elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, it was a very important city.
We still didn't find Wi-Fi here, but we're going to go back into a near future to locate it.
Even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, and it was probably written in Wi-Fi 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the majority of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So apparently, TED was not founded in 1984.
They make ideas really started in 1984 to C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's made.
Now you visualize a group of obese nodes on bicycle.
They're competing in a biomass of bikes and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need to see this.
They're getting strong, they're sweating, they're jumping out.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bikes flying everywhere, wheels that go on the side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places, pass the door threshold.
The lobby, the hallway, or what's on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . The light shines on the Mountain Monster.
He's waving them with his hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks.
You can feel your blue footprint by making you tickle.
You can smell the clothing cookie and you're just about to get into the mouth.
You walk on one side and train your living room.
In the room, and making a maximum use of their imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with a little clothes, dancing on his center table, singing``Hitler On More Time . ''
Now listen to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow bricks and from the oven come to you Dorothy, the Renaissance Man, the Spains and the Len of``The Wizard of Oz ,"holding out of the hands, jumping into you.
OK . Open your eyes.
So, I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the U.S. memory champion.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a sales supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, watching them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a narrator.
And I thought,``This is amazing . ''
These people have to be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking with some of the competitors.
This one is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when did you realize that you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a sage.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everyone who participated from this competition say they have normal memory.
We've been trained to perform these miracle acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I haven't heard of this before? ''
We were standing outside the room of competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, even though a little bit, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know British Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why??
\" Because I'd like to show British Spears how to memorize order in a live baby, in national television.
That would prove the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, do you have to start for something? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only by training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E. .
He's an anomaly, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
Their memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peter . In he got married for the role of Duke Hoffman in the film``Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together at the Salt Lake City library, memorizing phone books; it was clock.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about written memory, which is about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained, discipline and cultured memory was not as rare as it can seem to us today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally, and I would say that they have changed us too cognitively.
As we almost have no need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet, where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained, discipline, cultured memory is this so unique memory of memory.
It's actually not so unique; there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at University College in London invited a group of memory champions, to the lab.
Would you want to know: Is it that you have some brains in some way, structural or seemingly different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compared to them.
When they put them in a MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and snowflakes, found that in memory champions, they lit parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tower of competitive memory is running as a armed career where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should put a day.
This is my friend Ben Prison, three times champion.
In your desk, in front of him, there are 36 deaths of messy names that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,400 random binary digits.
Yeah.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call``employees coding . ''
It illustrates with a paradox, known as the``Baker"paradox, and I tell two people to remember the same word . I tell you,``remember there's a man named Baker . ''
That's your nickname.
And then I ask them,``Remember there's a battle.
And when I go back later, and I ask them,``Remember that word I told you a while? ''
\" Remember what it was? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker's unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told their work is``battle . ''
Same word, different memory capacity -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baltime, it doesn't actually mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that they dance for his head.
But the word``battle"-- we know baker.
They use white hats.
They have flour in the hands.
They're good when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we started putting some association shopping to fisheries at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the``memory of memory . ''
The story goes like this: There was a poet called Symbiosis I attended a banker.
They had hired it as an entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't get to a DJ, you hired a poet.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and he was marching, and so soon he was, the room of the bank got collapsed.
You kill them all.
But not only killed them all, but the bodies were going to leave them.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Symphony, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where I'd been sitting every invited.
I took the family of the hand by taking them down where their loved ones among the rubble.
What Simoniations warned at that time is something that we all know about intuitively or less intuitively, and it is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I ask you to remind me of the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about symmetries, it's very likely that it's very difficult to do.
But I would bet that if you ask you to say who I was sitting on the horse side of the horse in your lobby, you would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the background of memory is to create this building with the eyes of its mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember . The closer, the funny, funny, strange and lazy is the image, more unexpected to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you've been invited to the TED stage to give you a talk, and you want to make it memory, in the same way that Cicero did if you had invited to TEDx , 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to figure out some absolutely ridiculous and crazy image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely instant competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Golles of the crackers on top of Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, that will confuse them, but typical for typical.
In fact, the term``typical"comes from the Greek``tops ,"which means``place . ''
It's a view of when people thought about the prayer and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase``first place ,"it would be like the first place in its memory palazzo.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got out of full of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea to write something remarkable about this subculture of competitive membrane.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a purely boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting by taking tests . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody gets married.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school sandwich bought in a mold market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never been expected to be.
It was entertainment, because it was not just training memory.
What it's actually about doing is to better improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, comics, provocative images, instant, absurd and impossible, in the eye of the mind.
I'm quite hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of orients and some cooking security glasses by leaving two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before, and I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of a participatory period experiment.
I thought this could be a good deal for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's cute to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
They're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that you're going to build your memory sticks or memorize cards, and to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it's an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't get out there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things become memorable.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today, it's what ALS, the anomaly who couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what our short existence is already missing in the Blackberry or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side, are we going to be so happy that we don't even bother process in depth?
I learned firsthand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person that I remember remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll just take a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from New Jersey, I was six years old and lived there in my parents' house in a village called Lives, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there all of them were looking at the television . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody would see me, and every time I shower me and I went back into a towel, everybody saw me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
I hated that tour, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I feel, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, no division of areas, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places that we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I think you are:``power ,"`` stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it like this, so you're based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a destruction that they use architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we used it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
People who build, urbanization and governments, they always have innovation, and they want to use ways that they know they're going to work.
That's why we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Library Public Library that was finished in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round thing, columns, red brick, which will leave what Living is trying to communicate with this building: the children, the property values, the history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are they so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current forms.
We drive, we drive and we drive so much, that we were completely removed from people.
All of the black, this depressed us . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and get to connect with those adverse symbols.
That's what we do, and we're all happy, but we're all happy, but we're starting to experience again, we make the stick back to the back, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it's in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago, we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brutality.
It's got to do with the ant.
That can be guess.
Small windows, standard scale.
It's something really hard.
So we get closer to 80, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum again in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know like, and we update them.
We added and added cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give out.
We take Charlie closet and turn them into skyscrapers, which can be medical castle made of glass.
The shapes are added, they won in audacity and colorful.
The ones became columns.
The guards grew up to the size of the buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 80, that was great.
We all spend the way in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
Probably with a bread of bread sticks.
This is what happens to politics.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we raise memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated, and we started making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started to experiment with the so-called decoration.
We download the historical symbols; we now have new computer design techniques, and we meet new compositions -- some ways that are stars against other forms.
This is academic and booking, and it's super impossible; one is completely excluded.
Normally, the pendulum would be scared again in opposite direction.
But then something surprising happened.
In 1997, this building is flooded.
It's the Guggenheim of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldit said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general were completely agreed on a building.
The New York Times is calling this miracle building.
tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly everybody wanted one of these buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everyone wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first architectural architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical, how are you possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was galvanized around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning in the new millennia went with other architects.
He went to Zachel and Liberator, and what happened with these little elite architects in the new millennium threshold, actually started to pass with all architecture . digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you'd have to walk up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation will accelerate: you can take a boat, an airplane, you can be tourists.
Technology is accelerating . You can see in the newspapers, in the telly, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now -- that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture is moving so fast.
It's not very much time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before I knew about four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant, the steel or the elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to media, it starts to scale more and faster, until you're in both extremes almost in the simultaneous, and it's effectively destruction between innovation and symbol, among us, architects, and you, the public.
Now we can do almost instant symbols, emotional charge, something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was launched.
This is the center of a village called Pinks in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a vacation community.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as drawings seemed exactly to the finished product, there was no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a building, became a means of communication, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, you become part of the personal narrative, and that makes the collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell ourselves what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but that have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second on those literature libraries.
If that building was built today, first we would go to the Internet for``new libraries . ''
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, innovation, what can be a library.
That's ammunition.
Musics that can take the mayor of Lickliders, the people of Living, and tell them that there is no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a desperate audience who doesn't accept something I haven't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't have to be involved by architecture.
That means that the scale of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Beveridge can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick barrier in ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we'll finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings love the capabilities of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga, or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River in New York, and raise half a million dollars of the community attached around that cause, it's no longer a customer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little dinosaur pavilion, so muscle and fibrous like animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
No matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological, more intelligent and kinder buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
Find an architect, hire it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they give it way until the smallest spaces: the local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
I just turned a year and started walking.
And it makes it very cool, typical of the children in a year, wandering, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally gorgeous.
And one of the things that likes to do at the moment is look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He laughed and chicken, and he gives himself these big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think: When do I do this?
How do we suddenly don't like our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people search for Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is F, it's 13 and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though your mom tells him all the time that it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends, or school partners tell him, doesn't know who to believe.
So a video of her, he publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others who please leave a comment,``Am I nice or I'm ugly? ''
Well, so far, Facebook has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant, that doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and correct teenager, which gets these answers on one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it taking to do this?
Well, the teenagers of today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chatting, giving``I like", commenting, sharing, publishing, it never finishes.
Never before we've been so connected, in a continuous way, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said,``It's like there's a party in his room every night . ''
There is simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are unthinkable.
This environment, of being connected, is always advising our children to self-assemble in the number of``I like"they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what's digitally manipulated.
What is the most challenged in someone's life in somebody's life, in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the girls's news.
Zero model models continue to dominate our steps.
The technician's technique is now a routine.
And trends like,``Thereacents, #texture, #biomaterial ,"and so.
For those of you who know it, it means profitable.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see how young people are comparing.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the supermarket stars of the sport, the carpet singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and they're very balanced individuals.
But in an obsessed culture by the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see the nice enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as a contributor to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, avoid to participate in classrooms debate because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see enough enough, specifically if you don't believe you're thin enough, you'll get a minor note to the average of your peers who don't worry about it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, America and China.
And it is regardless of what these young people actually weigh.
So, to make it clear, we're talking about you, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem on its body is undermining academic performance.
And it's also detrimental.
The little self-esteem teenagers do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more non-several diets that can lead them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by people who surround them and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all of this by what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drugs, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships, early age and performance and disability.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the healthcare system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have overweight again, regardless of whether they have, or they have no greater abundance rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in one day when they don't feel secure with the way they look.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
releasing this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key ways . The first one is we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect imagery and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So, we should make sure that the program that our children follow, not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six things are starting points of crucial parties for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
A education is fundamental, but we're going to face this problem requires each of us that we take the laughing in the issue and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
Detail today's status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the return of our politicians in a haircut or the size of their breasts, or to inspire that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look.
All of us can start making responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you had a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow to value all their people, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We need to put people who are really making the difference on a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them come out in the big screen, because we'll just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they're never going to be who they are, or reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have in mind?
Your wife?
Your sister?
Is it your daughter?
Her niece? his friend?
It could just be the woman who's two seats away, what would it mean for her if he was released from that self-destructive voice in his inside, that he doesn't have long legs, more thin mountains, a more flat piece, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were going to overcome this, and would we say to her potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show that the way you see you is only a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are, and because of how they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trips of an age today, they become agents of insurance change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named Allien Now entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Khan rabbi, the leader of the Defense Defense League.
We initially declared it innocent, but being pushed by other minor charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 New York icons, including tunnels and synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily, those plans are frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, you couldn't avoid.
Then we would be able to be convicted for its participation in that approach.
Allien November is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being he was an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, the elementary school teacher, and between the two, they made all the possible to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few, including most Muslims, get to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in every human group, there's always a little fraction of people who are so additional to their conversations that think that you have to use all the media possible for everybody living like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat with me and explained that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, they had been going to a shot training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Pole Captain pollen that, without knowing our group, was hit by the FBI.
When I was touched, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained how to point to the target about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet I gave to the little orange light on the target, and, for sure, of all, especially my whole goal in flames.
My uncle went back to the other and in Arabic, he said``Insuid . ''
From such a father, such a son.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what it was so funny.
You saw the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a loaded range with 700 pounds of explosives in the northern parking tower in the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and killed another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them``love ,"which means uncle.
When I was 19, I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody, it was time to packing and going to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class, I was often victim of killing.
I was able to secret my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new of the class, silence and resident, it was enough ammunition.
So most of the time, I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say softly . I was growing under fascism, I was not prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like race or religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that came to test my thinking was during presidential elections in 2000.
In a growth program that I participated in the Netherlands National Convention, Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youthful violence, as I was a matter victim, almost all of my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from various backgrounds.
One day, to the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship, it was Jewish.
I took several days coming out to the light, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and I was very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was amazing.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found myself with people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in developing my character.
All of life was taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and, by extension, all of the homosexual were infected.
By accident, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most polite and less critical ones that I had seen in life.
Having been harassed by a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the other people's suffering, but it wasn't easy for me to deal with the crazy people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling, I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is about being homosexual, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the Dance Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my backyard figure at a moment where I was desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had a better influence in my life that my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would be in my heart forever, while I'm alive.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has suffered enough with endless documentaries and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zace American.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So, why did I decide to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done that because I hope somebody, someday, who I'm trying to bring to violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, which even though I was connected to this violent and intelligent ideology, I didn't get a fan.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice.
I do that for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to speak, against those meaningless acts, like rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple, I'm showing up here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents's roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much.
At this point there's a film that's projected in their minds.
It's an amazing molecule film.
It's in 3D, and it has crude sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has clothing, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as a moment of your childhood who's projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the direction.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of being human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscious consciousness.
I don't have certainty that you're conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why aren't we just robots that we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all of the 20th century, it's a vision.
Psychologists studied the behavior of the behavior, and neuroscience studied the brain, and no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then , 20 years ago, everything began to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsy said,``Now it's time for science to tackle consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some of the brain areas and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, it doesn't address the real core mystery of this matter: why every physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal film?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the photos, like the hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence is all of these emerging behaviors, how the photos work, how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce, adapt and metabolize living organisms . They're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we speak, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, it's the question of why is all behaviors accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have much to say.
I'm a heart science material.
I want a scientific theory of the automation that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, cool explanations . We're used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't still know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that will start crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain objective functions, brain behaviors, and that's what it needs to be explained.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and many others, that vision is pretty close to just denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm going in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties don't explain in terms of anything more basic.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and from there is the world.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental goes down.
In the 19th century, Maxtern discovered that you cannot explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental, predictable concepts, space, time, mass, Newton laws, then puts the basic laws of electromagnetism, and it puts electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental, predictable ideas, space, time, mass, load, then by a question of logic, you have to grab the list.
The most natural thing would be to posture consciousness itself as something fundamental, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to manage it.
So what we need to do is study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want very simple laws that we can put them on a row.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can run them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called psychologists:``bread"for everybody,``psyche"for the mind, each system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a photon can be full of anguish when you think,``Oh, always travel at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would anybody think so crazy?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems illogical, it is much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process, is linking awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
Complex information, as in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years, a neuroscientist, Givin Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it regularly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called fire, which measures the degree of integrated information in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an amazing high degree of information integration, a high degree of polymer, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there's a middle degree of information integration, rather significant, fairly important consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the fish degree.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In the Theory theory, there's still a different level of consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of panic, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that psychologists can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have seen that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about reality that underlies.
As Stephen Hawking explains,``Where is the fire of the equations? ''
From the psychiatric vision, the equations of physics can be left, but they can be used to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not outside the physical world as a kind of additive.
It's right in the center.
And this vision, I think, the psychic vision, has the potential to serve our relationship with nature, and can have a fairly serious social consequences and ethical consequences.
Some of you can be illogical.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that had consciousness, so I should be vegetarian.
If you're a park and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, it's not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samantha artificial intelligence system in the movie``Homer"?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of painting information, she has a complicated, integrated information processing, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, very serious ethical problems are planted about the development of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of hitting them.
Finally, you can ask for the entire collective consciousness, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, and at this point we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this full group of TED, different from internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think that at least is a question that should be seriously taken.
So this painting vision is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's correct.
I'm actually safer about the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing, than the second one, that it's universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally find it.
To understand consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we need the crazy crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural town in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I got together with my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't got anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes . After school, I had a low profile on my mother's flag, and I spent a lot of time looking at the``Bush Slave"series and``Darwin's Creek . ''
Yes, I know . What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes at the 11 class of legal studies, a guy raised her hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What speech? ''
Well, I had been talking about the law law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people on wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the acts of acts . ''
And that was when I realized: This boy had had experiences with people with disabilities as inspiration objects.
And we're not . And it's not a fault of the boy, it's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturing.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage, looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you're waiting to inspire you . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to disappoint them professionally.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied us in relation to disability.
Yes, we've been sold by the lie that disability is something bad, in mass, M capital.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it easy.
And in the last few years, we've been able to provide even more this lie through social media.
You can have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one,``Your excuse is initial . ''
Or this other one:``Before I left, I'll be interested . ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
It may be you've seen one of the hands, without hands drawing with a pencil support.
You may have seen a child who runs with legs fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately, because they rank a group of people for another group of people.
So, in this case, we're going to make the benefits in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, so bad that life could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you are that person?
Now, I've lost the number of times that I've been surprised by wanting to express that they think I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was as if I was going to be happy to get up in my own name and remember my own name . And this is to make.
These images, those images are challenging people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not that bad for you or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
Let's take a few things out.
But the things that we overcome is not the things you can think about.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I'm telling me the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very charged with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of its ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really just to apply them in the way we do it, by sharing those images?
When people say,``You're a source of inspiration ,"it says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't.
I know what they're thinking.
I'm here, by kind of, you think,``Oh God, Steve, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I'm.
I learned from other people with disability at all.
However, I'm not learning that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that it's a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue to collect the things that fall on me, learning the ingenious trick of how to load the cell phone battery on the battery battery.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world that we're going to be excited.
I really believe that that lie that we've been selling about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us difficult life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that is lies because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles to a suit of stairs has never done it to become a ramp.
Never . smile to a television screen won't show the subtitles for deaf people.
It's not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and irrigating a positive attitude to turn all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching``Bush Slave"doesn't consider anything to be on a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 9/11 degree in a high school in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that their new teacher is a wheelchair user.
The disability doesn't make us remarkable, but question what you think you know about it.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a barbarian band?
Unfortunately, today I'm just going to answer one of those questions, so please don't get destabilized.
When people really think of augmented reality, think about``Minority Report ,"and in Tom Cruise, by putting hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get augmented reality?
The first step is what I'm wearing: Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many people are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 160 miles, blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds man let us go, trying to slow away with all of her.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing pleasant.
I bring some videos to show you what it is to use Google Glass under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NFL practices, because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine coming up on the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kulla: Come on.
It's horrible to be a storyteller.
A moment . Let's get a little bit.
You ready?
Go!
Chris Kulla: As you can see, it's a proof of what is being captured in the football field, from the marketing perspective.
You may have realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington.
Marine marriage: mice 54! mice!
Blue 8, Blue 8! Go!!
Chris Kulla: This is a little bit closer to the feeling, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a field of a field.
I heard it?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Occupy Rift, which most of you already know.
The Rift Occupy has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh!!
No, no, no! I don't want to play! No!
Oh my God! Oh!!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a marker with the arm before you run and make an notation? and what's the experience of a fan.
When can I be Mesa running around the hook, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network? or Department doing a shoes in Wembley??
What will your experience be when you go down a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not even augmented.
It's just virtual, River.
How do we get augmented reality, Chris?
We'll get augmented reality when coaches and migrants and owners look at the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief round of technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore ports put a wrist into their field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NFL put radios in the hull of the fields of the field and after the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that they're a player coming back to their group, and you see their next player in front of you, in a plastic view that you're wearing . You won't have to worry about forgetting a player.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they're lost, and they hate to lose party.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game.
What would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the high of the people who are below.
You also get information from the sandwiches and the accelerometer, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know.
Bad will have information overload.
This would differentiate the good teams of bad people.
So your team of computer will be as important as your recruitment, and data analysis to stop being for nerds.
So who would have imagined it?
What would be in the field?
Imagine that you're the field of field.
You get the bullet and you go back.
You're looking for an open receiver . All of a sudden, a flashlight on the left side of your view is that a defense behind you is going to attack you . Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the RNA system.
Get to the protection area.
Another flashlight tells you that there's an open receiver.
You toss the bullet, but you're going to give you.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land . However, the receiver sees in its bombsight an area of grass that is lit and can modify the career.
He approaches, he grabs the balance, he runs and anatomy.
The audience is wrapped and fans have followed the game from each angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game.
It will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy among human beings, to show someone what it is literally being in the other person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports league.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much this technology is worth for a professor in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is it worth this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to be pursued?
How much is it worth for a commander Hackel or a Neil Deliver Desert trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and Kardashian??
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is about.
The questions that we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depend on us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service at the California Space Higging.
Most of those 23 years, I spent the southern extreme of the Marine County, which includes the Goldman Gates Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiration style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Transcene, chief chief engineer to build the bridge, said that,``The bridge is practically to test suicide.
suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from its openness, more than 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such as, so that the fall from it from all of your concerns and pain, and the waters that pass below cleaning your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a little free from four to five seconds, the body crashes against water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which they drill vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that not, normally they're standing in the helpless, and then they drowned.
I don't think that the ones that are contemplating this method of suicide are aware of the death of death that they're going to face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches steel inches.
This is where most people are going to take out of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who controls suicide, but the officers too.
We've traveled a long way since.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officers.
This is Jason Gardner.
I met the 22 of July last year by receiving a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the corner near the center.
I responded, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Goldman Gates Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and she had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown to here twice before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, we asked if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Zerosauru created Pandora, and sent it to the Earth with a box, and said,``Never, never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
Out of it came pests, sorrows, and all sorts of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there is no hope? ''
He stopped some instant, leaned on the right, and he went.
Now, this nice and smart boy in New Jersey had just taken out of life.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family's rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
And I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the inflection point they need.
If you think someone is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is,``Other in similar circumstances have ever thought about finishing their life; you've had these thoughts? ''
Considerating the person in front of the front can save the life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look for: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve; importance, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, the recent social isolation -- and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email from a lady, and I'd like to read it to you.
She lost his son at the 19th of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple days ago, and it's his permission and blessing that I read you.
\" Hello, Kevin . I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends and so on.
I'm still quite numb, but noticing more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving Peter to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father at January 19th.
He never came there.
I called the Pennsylvania police, and I repeated it like that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported me that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 1508 from the afternoon.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for them . .
Who hasn't been before wrong without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GG, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Viking . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go to the bridge and go to the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I crossed immediately the railing, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next hour and half, I heard like Kevin talked about its depression and hopelessness.
Kevin decided on his account that day to go back on that lane and give her life.
When Kevin came back, happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What was it that made you go back and give you the hope and your life? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``You heard.
You let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Mr. Brian, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin is following us.
I think that Kevin was clear for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all of those inherited traits, but thanks to God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give it to God for you.
Just in debt with you, Margaret Bernacula . ''
And at the end she writes,``Prison . When I visited the San Francisco General Hospital that night, you would figure out like the patient.
\" Wow, I know I had to solve! ''
Currently, Kevin is a real parent and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather gets suicide.
That act, despite the end of its own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they would not think about taking it to another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Usually, this is just about three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I have responded, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and sugar calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man talking about an hour.
During that time, I was shook my hand in three times.
In the final speaker, I looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And he jumps.
Awful, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people we get to contact in that bridge don't suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and living and you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second of those people have been saying that they've made a mistake, and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connects Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us should strive for doing.
suicide can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question mark you: how do you become that??
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, no way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream I had had from a child.
My outside finally copied with my inner truth, with my self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to refer to me later, when I look at this picture, I think, Gene, you got it, you get.
But last October, I discovered, I'm just starting.
We all focus our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of release, to get rid of the limitations that are driven by skin color or by the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who always defy the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, a lot of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this piece is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was registered as``child"by birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew how to interrupt.
The gender is always considered an unchanging fact, but now we know that, really, it is something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought it's going to be what I'm bad, but how the world is about those of us who want to release.
Every day I thank to be a woman.
I have Mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, the chickens.
And when I was eight, I was at a party in Los Philippines that celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I'd like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still dressed from man, I met this woman called T. .
It's the director of a transparent beauty competition.
That night she asked me,``Why have you not been involved in the competition competition? ''
He told me that if she participated, she would take off from the spirituality and the costumes, and that night, he won in bathroom, he won in the gallery, and he was a third ending between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty of beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the unemployed, especially when we traveled to remote prosthetics from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In the 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they were approved my request from the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I'm resistant.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm getting fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beautiful queen . ''
But then two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the gender identity? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me that I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they perform the most prestigious, sophisticated and secure surgeries.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the Gene name and``F"of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means power or power, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
All of a sudden, my fears were seen.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman from the Mary Netrounds.
A young woman in New York who naturally lived his truth, but, ugly, put his life down.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All the 20 of November, we do a global surveillance for the Constitution Conservation Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to the injustice.
These are Marsha P Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without shame, or fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that some day there is no longer in November 20.
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT Schulz: George, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure . You see, first, thank you, thank you all my blessing.
My own support network, my parents especially, to my family, that itself is very strong.
I remember all the time I've been attending young women, I've ordered, and sometimes, when they called me, and they told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
That is, you're all assigned by a gender to birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table, the topic that sometimes that non-visible allocation, and there should be a space that allowed people to self-assemble, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is getting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you . Great . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who you know about your daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi began his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when they were told by their efforts in 2011, when he hits the National National Prize of peace, he became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm her father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, women's history is the story of injustice, inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when you're born a girl, your birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome, not by your father, not by your mother.
The neighborhood comes, it gives the mother to mother and nobody happy.
And a mother gets a lot overwhelmed to have a girl.
When it gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he's shocked, and with the hope of a child, when he shines his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffers, but the daughter, the newborn daughter, when he grows, he suffers.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, it stays at home and school admitted to their siblings.
Until age 12, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it's 13 years old, it's being banned out of his house without a male advantage.
It's confined to four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he brought the code of that honest assumption, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor, not only the life of a girl, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, he sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor.
And there's one more rule of patriarchal societies that's called the obedience.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very smooth.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and it has to accept your father's decisions and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it or if you marry it with an old man, he has to accept it, because he doesn't want to be thin.
If you marry it, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it a teenager.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet,``The married, love it, and then give birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he included the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same sense of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
dear brothers and sisters, when Malaysia was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at her eyes, believe me, I was extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about her name, and he was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malay from Maidan, and he called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at, everyone was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I got a line from my name, and I wrote,``Damn . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, my school admitted.
You might ask, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yeah, I should mention.
They can take it for granted in Canada, in America, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child's life.
Instantly, in a school, it means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An admission to school means that it has entered the dreams world and the aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I've got five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I turned the Canadian visit form, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the ones of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give to my sisters and his daughters thought he had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the satisfaction of my daughter.
The window to sit with me when my friends come to see me.
I love to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to engage them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malaysia.
I've got all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emancipation.
I teach my daughters, taught students, forgetting the lesson of the ignorance.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the neighborhood call.
Dear brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
girls are banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stop going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the random girls and the killed singers.
They suffered millions, but few of them talked, and it was terrifying to get around those people who kill and refuse when you talk about your rights.
It's really scary.
At 10 years old, Malaysia was lifted and lifted by the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, she offered herself for the New York Times documentary, and he talked on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a classroom around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and October nine , 2012, shooting in the head.
It was a physical day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife,``Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, to your daughter? ''
And unfortunately, he said,``Please don't blame you.
They defend the fair cause.
I put your life on play for the cause of truth, by the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired by you and joined.
Both of them were on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malaysia was in the hospital and had severe pains and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm okay with my small smile and my face.
I'll get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and we get together.
I loved brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult times, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish his task.
He fought with her brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What's special in my tutor that's made so bold to Malaysia so brave, expressive and scientifically? ''
I mean, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He doesn't cut his wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Mosky group of Google, where I've had a divide to my charge -- the Google X visualization division, but all the work that I'm talking about today about brain science, I did before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you get to a brain operation.
Are you just as smart or not?
Otherwise, you will be smart?
After neurosurgery, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, more than a dozen chemical powers every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to follow with life.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I was going to experience to try and get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that I say it in detail.
I started testing with a different mix, and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my guess, my sense of who I was, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried doses and chemical chemicals for a man in the 20s, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world, and -- of course, many times in the past, I've met several guys like that, or maybe some terrified versions.
It turned out like an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a lot of insecure, fixing a problem that I had in front of it, and it just didn't happen.
So I couldn't manage it.
I change my dose.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when we adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my idea of ideas.
I tend to think about it almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to? trying to try and raise situations.
This kind of thinking is not new.
Philadelphia like humor, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are people who are questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and inventive thinking.
So, after several years, I managed to find the right point, and I've got lots of great mental, really vivid, well, sophisticated and good ones.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a filmmaker was able to use its imagination just to steer the world that has the front?
Or could a musician extract your head's music?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is just to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments made by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by Give Gans and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The medium column shows the scanning of that same individual as it was imagined, looking at that same image.
The column on the right is created by looking at the contents of the central column on the left . You see the difference is almost nuts.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost normal.
Now, let me share you another experiment . This is from the lab of Jack Galaxy in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brainwaves in acknowledged visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanned their brains to create a big event of brain reactions to video sequences.
And then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and meanwhile, a new scan.
The computer, using just the brain's brain information, described it to show what seemed like the person was watching.
On the right you can see the codes of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This led us bonuses.
We're fine about doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it creates the same map.
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is to open up the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer myself for that.
Now, many of them are proposing new processing techniques by images, even I, with the recent MRI result, first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the path?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increase by thousands as we need . .
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, we make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a break.
And why does this care?
In the last few years, a lot of effort at MRI went to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent advances are involved in reverse and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the transistor and frequency receptors of FM radio in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a unified magnetic field, we use startup magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing patterns, we can increase the information that can be extracted in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not just the fluid blood fluid, but the hormones and neutrons I've mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity . This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as tools to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have few options more than opening this door.
But anyway, take a year, in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it takes a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
Your closet may be telling someone for the first time you love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you've been through in life.
Every closet is a difficult conversation, and even though our topics can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived them out of that closet is universal.
No fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working in the South Side Gallery Canyon, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of liberal mycelium: I would not be raising my armpits, I would quote the letters from Anna di France as a litany.
And I'm going to be aware that because of the hole of my short screen, and because I was shaving my head recently, I was usually asking a little kid,``Hey, are you a kid or girl? ''
And it would show a uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, and I would take my coffee with a rabbit.
The father would love the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would boil inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was prepared, and I was about to get in full of the female issues on the table . I had Betty Friedman dates.
The quote from Gloria Steinem.
Even a fragment of``Vagina Monologues"I'll show.
And so I breathe down, and I went back and forth and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist owner, just a girl with a question,``Are you a kid or girl? ''
So I would breathe again, I put myself up close to her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is confusing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, how you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the girl of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is violent and has a fish.
Can you give me a pandemic, please? ''
And that was it . Just``Ah, you're a girl.
What about the landscape I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had.
And why? because the girl's girl and I, both of us were honest with one another.
Just like many of us, I've lived in some weapons in my life, and I know, often my walls used to be an rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You only know how one feels feels in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than yours or yours or yours.
I'm sure, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why I'd come out of my closet was harder than coming out of your closet, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain somebody who's been declared in broken banking is more difficult than saying it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is more difficult than telling your five year-old son that you're going to divorce you?
There's nothing more difficult, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop challenging what's difficult about what's difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our weapons, and we must only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
Somewhere in our lives, we all live in weapons, and they may make it feel security, or at least security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and a high heel shoes.
It was not the military lesbian ready to fight any four-year-old who would go into the coffee.
I was frozen by the fear, turned into a corner of my dark closet by pushing my gay fat, and the moving only is the most terrifying thing I ever did.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life, trying to don't disappoint them, and now the world turned around.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that fat, you'll kill you.
One of my most memorable graduate launches was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many between the guests knew that it was gay, and when I do my honor ladies, my black dress and the heels . I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were, people who knew me to do years.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the gay story battle had started.
\" Huh, have you ever been in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Huh, do you know my Anthoxy style?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Astronomer, what is your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but instead of showing desperately his support, to make me know that he was from my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all of the grenade launches.
Now, surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt little.
It's not very hard to find them and realize that they were pregnant.
And what else can you ask, but do you get drunk?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Danish girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to get out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
See the armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the cafe had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be straight . Just tell it . You'll take off your patches.
If you know they're gay, tell it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They ever apologize for that.
And some of you can go out safe wounds, sorry for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find it in a dark closet, you have a grenade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but you're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the speed.
Intelligence, what is that??
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Charles Dickne that``The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a submarine can swim . ''
When Shedsches Dickin wrote this, it made it as a critic to the pioneers of computing as Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the underlying physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're from an alien race, that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the Earth's Internet neuroscience, but you have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as Earthlings, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that has no concept about intelligence on Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that explains how, to a certain time in time, the asteroids that demand the surface of a planet mysterious stop to do it.
And that's why I claim that this is the same question as the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, which would be, I think, to a only underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be in the way to develop intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of future possible.
Finally, in robotic motion planning, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness robots's skills to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for several years, there's a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different topics?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E = for the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future action of action.
It acts to maximize the future action of action, or keep the open options, with a force -- T, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future, touch.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay caught.
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future action of action and maintain open choices.
And so, having on account this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it??
Does it predict the level of human intelligence?
Do you predict artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent records in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or entropy, during their life, should have trends more favorable to the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that constraint complex connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but that actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the long-term entropy of entropy in any system that is inside.
Amazingly, I could spend multiple animal intelligence tests, play games of human intelligence, and even win money by trading actions, all of it without that we would have had to do that.
So here are some examples of international intervention.
Just like a foot man without falling, here we see English engaging automatically a post using a cart.
And this behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave him a goal.
I just decided to balance the pole.
This balance ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by throwing out of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Entertainment is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a punishment game against itself, illustrating its potential for play.
So here we see English organized new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the network successfully connected.
This same network of network orchestra has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see the reduction of organizing the routes of a boat fleet, discovering successfully and using Panama Canal to extend global level its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously discover and execute a strategy strategy, selled in a simulated series of action negotiations, successfully increasing assets under their management.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Wiscons: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive human behaviors such as tools use, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them come from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future action of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
Let's go back to the beginning of the use of the robot, the work``Russian"-- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines will be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that the machines first become smart and then megawatts and try to get to the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually emerge directly to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of objective.
They often ask me,``How does it look for goals to get rid of this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to pass the descendants to help build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future action of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a tipping point in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet that we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kemard Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that Earth is only one among the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of stars when the planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets as far as the distance between them and their mother star.
Instead, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is driving under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot registered.
Glaciers and marine ice that have been with us from the millennia now are disappearing in decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused online scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by the stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I'm looking for alien opportunities in the threatened sector.
Now, as someone very interested in search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy from our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the planet recently discovered and the planets that we know better: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rocky, and despite being a little bit further from the sun, you can consider a potentially habitable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study Mars.
Our tours like``Curiosity"track their surface for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission, take samples of the Mars atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not only the short space flight, but also the possibility of living on Mars.
But even though all these brown images remind us of the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the democratic areas of our planet that still stay by colonize, really exciting places in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and full of oxygen tied by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other drag planets get a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will wait there to save us from this influence self-destructive of the only planet that we know is truly habitable, Earth.
For a lot that I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deeply disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the party will actually have place in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the targets for the interplanetary exploration and the terrestrial preservation don't get contracts.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world as alien landscapes.
They just find it closer.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and incomplete areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi's paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist American physicist asked: realizing that our universe has existed for a long time, and hopefully there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from extraterrestrial life so far.
Well, where are they??
Well, one possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to live between the stars, they lose the notion of what's important to protect the origin of planets that put this development.
It's arrogant to think that only the International colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly, I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right.
I thought about calling a ceremony, at least I had my cell phone, but at the midnight, a ceremony could take a lot of time to get, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night, because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was thinking about my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure I'm not more expensive than a circle at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I was fine.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases corruption that increases heart rate, modulate the levels of adrenaline and cloudy.
And when I got to the shot of feedback in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, you minimize the likelihood that it is total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my conservatives didn't crystallize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny KamenEst, the Nobel Prize winner, and a little embarrassed told him that he broke the window, and that he had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a prospective retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years earlier, known as the printer.
Everybody knows what the posture is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the printer, as Danny explained, you look ahead and try to figure out all the things that might be wrong, next, try to figure out what can be done to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you is some things that we can do in the form of a reward.
Some of them are evident, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will make a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where there's the good, where the fish are, which makes fruit trees, where the tribes are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is added in the London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the smelling sense of the squirrel and still could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys from the car, reading goggles and passports.
So at home, you're going to get a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative plate.
For his passport, a particular crate.
For their reading glasses, a particular table.
If you make a place, and you're suburbia with it, you'll always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone, a picture of your credit card, lead to drive, passport, send it by mail to yourself so that you're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
cortisol is toxic and existential thinking.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress we won't be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical affect.
But this is written as a proper for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for the making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision you have to take from which you benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everyone knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to heart, stroke brain.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce cholesterol, a stadium . ''
And maybe you've already heard of the status, and you know it's one of the most recycled drugs in the world today, and you're probably likely to know people taking them.
And so you think,``Yes, I'm reading the status!!
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you have to ask of the most physicians that most physicians don't want to speak, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the NIH?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or make a surgery in any medical procedures before you help one person.
And you must think about what kind of destructive statistics that is?
The number should be one.
My doctor would not give me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's someone's fault, it's about scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Gelanch estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely prescribed state, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help one person?
300.
This according to the research of the cynical researchers named Jersey Group and Pamela Heather, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, stroke brain or another adverse event.
Now you may think,``Well, one chance in 300 to get my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistics, and it is,``Tell me about side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: dramatic pain and articulate pain, patient pain, but now they think,``Five percent is not very likely to go to me, still take medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress, they don't think of clarity.
So think about how you're going to do this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, not? A person has helped, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go through the drug that you help the drug.
I don't say they should either take the status.
I just say that you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We've got access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take your risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat it is quite typical.
For the surgery that's done in the most of the 50, the spread of prostate prostate, the number needs to treat it is 49.
That is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case is produced by 50 percent of patients.
They include the importance or the erectile dysfunction, the urban wealth, the straight carpet, fecal unconscious.
And if you're lucky, and you're one of that 50 percent, you're only going to last one year or two.
So the idea of the reward is to think about before the questions that you can put up the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a more short life free, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that a lot of systems go off.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, not necessary the digestive system, or the lesbian or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast . They might be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes on the window during those moments of stress is rational logic thinking, like Danny KamenEst and his colleagues have shown.
So we need to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail occasionally.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage, or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place.
Registrating at the night of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor inspired me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key from the gate door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered, and lots of mail messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano,``Oh ,"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to play more gently.
Two' P, even more gentle.
Four .' ' extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree of a tree, and you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of ,' there may be a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, AIDS, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came over the 1800s, and with the time of time, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know like ALS.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds, it is as if I lived in a foreign country, it's still continuing their rules, customs, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
Learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example.
\" Don't throw the door! ''
\" Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the potato potato bag! ''
\" Don't translate, and when you're eating, I'm not going to make sure you can't grab the covers on the dish . ''
And this is what I call this``sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it.
I'm a supernova of sounds.
And I'm always waiting with nervousness the sound, which is about to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide.
CAT, to continue.
TBP, to announce.
You can see the penguin doesn't have notes on the lines.
That is because the lines contain sounds through subtle and blobs.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``penguin . ''
A typical penguin has five lines.
However, for me, I'm going to do that with my thumb, so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend, and that called me.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to be more about art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that not only is it experiment through ears.
I can feel it a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in the sound of sound, I decided to leave it.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I presented to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was alien, it was something from a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be about me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose that I was empowered.
There's a massive culture around spoken language.
And just because I don't use my life voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I had no voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, work and institutions, I work with many different perspectives of AIDS.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by borrowing their voices, I'm able to hold a temporary form of value, something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I would not continue with this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forgotten and not have any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express in paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept at 22.
The two are very highly modeled and highly modular what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning as much as sound.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so you get better to understand how the ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The NSA is divided in many different gravitational parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger as you touch the piano, like facial expression, your body movement, your body's movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and so, as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if it's just a keyboard at the same time.
However, the NSA is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or idea at AMD.
If only a keyboard would change the chord, create a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in the tone and timbre and volume.
In AMD, by using these different gravitational parameters, different ideas can be expressed.
For example, the sign``feeling on that . ''
This is the sign``fear on that . ''
I'm watching you.
Look at it.
Oh, I got married.
Ooh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, enough!
So I started thinking, and if I see the ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and replicate it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and put it.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, visually it looks like a piece of music.
Every day.
I feel that the same thing can say``all night . ''
\" Every night . ''
This is all night in this drawing.
And this led me to thinking about three different types of nights,``Last ,"`` overnight ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third is more musical than the other two.
So this represents how time is expressed in AIDS and how distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one of them is one hand, two guys . It's two hands, the present is closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So, the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``past ."`` accustomed to"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once,``There was once . ''
\" Common time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times for eating.
But when I see the word``common time"I think automatically in``at the same time . ''
See Mo: right hand, E, left hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest.
[" Media, Carro Flash] [`` In the chest: E, Carrier Flash"] I'm going to show you a form of the hand called``flat limb . ''
Can you do it with me?
Everybody with the hands in high.
Now we're going to do it both in the head like the chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yes, very well.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"at ALS.
Now, the third . Please get me back.
And again.
It's``lighting"at the AIDS . .
We're going to do the three together.
\" Love"`` collaboration"and``illumination . ''
Good work.
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how AIDS is alive and prosperous, like music.
But today, we live in a very Australian world.
And only because ALS has no sound, it has no social value automatically.
We have to start to question what the social value defines and allow them to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AIDS, not to hear to learn music.
ALS is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, engage in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dana Kaman: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents would say,``You can test everything, but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also scans, and they're not very good at cleaning out the others of others.
The time, now I am an adult and a citizen and invention at Hong Kong School.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big vessels and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So with my students, with ages of six to 15, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work with altitude with height, so that the kids very low can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic chunks, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we took an image of this plastic -- kids are very excited with robots.
Then we quickly created what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform lamps and web cameras in accessories and we assemble it in a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer to process this image and measure the size of each particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called``Institutes ,"with the hope that someone better even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, you get the Internet, and you hit this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in Svalbard, the largest mangrove rainforest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water in which you're bathed, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that water is brown, mud and oil also is brown, and when everything is mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can be able to smoke through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help remotely help other children.
[ I can investigate a problem by distance] I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe I'll get a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there are several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant from Fukushima, a nuclear center close to water.
And today, according to reports an average of 300 tons are still filtering from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has pollution traces by 2007.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it's safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and research with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we reported to the control center -- here is the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with the radiation all their life.
Along with them we discussed the collected data that day, and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the opening and so on.
And to do this, we created a branching map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pages to represent data in real time of radioactivity, and we run water to simulate the rain.
With this we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the river system, and it worked in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear center to date.
We're approaching up to 1.5 miles of nuclear central, and with the aid of the area of the area, we were collecting sea sediments with a sediment tracker as we invented and built.
Here's a progression: We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small so, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turn it into the largest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics, basically you can build almost there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children' dreams can actually become the help of adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Case Harry: We asked things like,``Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy? ''
For example.
Or, can we help in the mobility of advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of horrific truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, dreamer, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people, and so I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposing cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is implanted on the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Michelangelo said, when he looked at the marble marble, he saw a figure that he struggled for being free.
The belt was unique Migority tool.
But living beings are not linked.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all of the information that's required by every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have decided a world made of parts, transitive the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as a disability of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find a supply of man materials in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with dialogue pores.
The backs of the back are more thick with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter, the other primarily as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: there's no parts, there's no assembly.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through the variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work currently between the belt and the gene, between the machine and the growth, between the assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, at the simplest level, is trying to unite these two visions of the world, by increasing the assembly and moving into growth.
You probably ask: why now?
Why wasn't this about 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they focus four disciplines that offer designers to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large-scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 feet of diameter with a veteran base that some day not very far to print entire buildings, and graphics to nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the jealous, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every aperture is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt, and this was for a Paris's fashion parade with Iran van . It's like a second skin made from one piece, right in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D sensored imaging, we print this layer and missing 3D in between cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CPU scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, enabling products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair in the structural and comfortable, and also it absorbs sound.
The professor Carter, my collaborator, we go back to nature to inspire ourselves, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes horrific.
We print this 44-year-old surface, which vary in stiffness, opaque and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, will vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly, but to vary continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is it ideal nature?
Isn't there parts in nature?
I was not raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and I got to define a lot of what I care about.
As she says,``In the third day of creation, God sent to the Earth to grow a fruit of fruit charged . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees to grow trees with branches, cortex and pads and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would be design if objects were made from one piece?
Would we go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we're looking for the biblical material, the kind of fruit of the fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second largest biography on the planet is called the savanna, and about 100 million tons occur every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We think that if we could tune their properties, we could generate cultural structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal shellfish . We asked a lot of shrimp screens, we mold them, and we produced it.
Looking at chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, light and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, a system was built with multiple controlled extra nozzles.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material three feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, it leaves them to find a natural shape to the contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a process of printing the printing process was used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built the bacteria genetically designed to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition with no match to mesh, and if it gets even further, to windows.
It's a fruit that was charged from fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the interplanetary travel.
To do that, we must master bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computing, and made in additive, augmented ways.
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy, just instead of training precious metals, new biological functionality is synthesized within very small channels.
This field is called microscopic.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combined.
The first is biological.
It lives in our oceans and the fresh water ponds.
And the second one, E. coli, the bacteria that I inhabit in the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other one is consuming sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but design for design.
In order to get these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digital tract, to help that flow these bacteria and alter their function of path.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, dumping the properties of the material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This powerful digestive system, when it stretch from one end to another, it reaches 60 feet.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a physicist at TED, our first portable photography, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We're the fashion creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and hold our bodies?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For it, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows . It adds with sophistication.
This worm of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it metabolism.
No addictive fabrication is approaching this level of sophistication.
It makes it through the combination of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act like structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first learns in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to speak a company of compression.
The tension and compression, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we stick a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the spinneret.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it's freezing a flat layer and still metal.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon, is directly transmitted by the environment.
They're often sent out of silk worms to death inside their cocoons, their silk gets rid of the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates, we could shape crude silk without tearing a single cocoon.
They were satisfied, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to architectural scale.
We had a swollen robot doing silk plants, and we put it on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated to more dark and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or openness, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillars.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a online silk farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to row with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they lean, they'd come up, they would come up, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the big integrity, and it was right.
At the spinneret biological silk on the frozen silk silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 6,000 silk worms take 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The cops, after the event, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other empty.
If the last frontier of design is to give products to products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
So here's a new era of design, a new age of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make sure of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
You raise your hand if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be about? ''
If you had to remember what age had when you first asked this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question``What do you want to be about? ''
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be about? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too many.
In school, I liked English, the slaughter and the art and developing websites . Furthermore, I played the guitar on a punk band called Telephace frustrated.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to send me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, which is totally different, and I immersed myself on it, and I'm going to be able to absorb and I feel``Yes! I found my ,"and then again this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn this all into a career.
I thought I should pick up one thing, deny all my other passions, and I'm going to get bored.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad in me not to define myself for anything.
I was worried to be afraid of compromise, or being fired, or biking or my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have posed then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned from culture.
We ask ourselves,``What do you want to be about? ''
When we're about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer to that age.
You consider a question that is naive to provide cute answers in children like,``Be an astronaut ,"or``be a dancer ,"or``I want to be pirate . ''
They're going to insert the Baltimore Parade here.
And this question is done again and again as we grow up in different ways, and I hear, to high school students, I ask you, you're going to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be about? ''
It's about being the cute exercise of before what sleep takes.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, you might be able to laugh and say,``Oh, what nice, but you can't be an artist of violence and psychology.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he is artificial violence and psychology.
And this Amy Ng, the magazine publisher, made it interruption, business, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real vocation, the idea that each of us has something to dedicate during their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who is not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that will wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feeling there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You are a multiplicity.
A crowd is someone with a lot of interest and creative activities.
It's a bite so to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that you know the same idea, as a scholar, the Renaissance.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who I was right in multiple disciplines.
Barack Sheryl refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term that you like or they invent yourself.
It seems to me as a kind of advanced to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as a limitation or the accessibility that you should sell.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
There are three molecular superpowers here.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in intersection.
Steve Huntington and Rachel Biosonia expressed their shared interests on cartography, data visualization, travel, math and design, when I was founded.
Lying is a company that creates robots inspired geographically.
Shell and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his core ecology of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
There are the new ideas.
And the crowds, with all their backgrounds, can access a lot of these intersection points.
The second molecular superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're wired to be prime, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and get out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we follow, so we rarely started from scratch.
non-zero-sum is a full-time journey and independent writer.
As a personal pianist child, an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she is the fastest machine known.
Before becoming a writer, no one was financial planner.
He had to learn the most final sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors.
rarely it's a waste of time to dedicate what you get to you, even if you abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way you couldn't have foreseen.
The third molecular superpower is adaptability . It's the ability to transform into anything that you need in a given situation.
Abe Carolina is sometimes director of videos, others, web designers, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes, apparently James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take diverse roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
The magazine Fail Company defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are individuals and organizations that can pivot to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that are really going to thrive.
Sense of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where the crowds are very adept, and three skills that might be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest in encouraging the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex, multinational problems right now, and we need not conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they're, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed from a specialist and a packaged crowd.
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the crowd offers an abundance of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that encourage the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the crowds in a lot of them are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I hope it's this: reconnect with internal wiring, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, especially for all the media.
That's where you're going to give you the best.
But for the crowds in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell you, I mean, with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those rabbits.
They explore intersections.
About embracing our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiply, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In the 1930s, a woman called August led to a psychiatric in Uganda.
I would argue, and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was Ali.
Abed didn't know how to help Austria, but she was going to fly by her until unfortunately he passed in 1906.
After his death, Alexanders made a autopsy and found strange and blocked plates in the brain of Austria, of a guy who had never seen.
It's even more surprising.
If I had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alexander gave him 14 years ago.
Alpha was Dr. Louis Alzheimer.
And August Determination, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1903, medicine has advanced a lot.
They've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, anti-genomics for HIV, status for heart and much more.
But a little bit has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you wait to live until age 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's going to be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their years with Alzheimer or helping to take care of a friend or be loved Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs are a four-fold increase in the year 2050, as you age the generation of the boom boom.
It may be surprised, but Alzheimer's largest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively unlikely to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 death causes around the world, Alzheimer's only one you can't prevent, cure or even slow down its development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the research of cancer, despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should: Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 144 years, everyone even, scientists, confusion Alzheimer's aging.
We think it will be a sense of a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there is only a picture of a healthy brain brain in comparison with a patient from Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to a severe loss of mental memory and mental skills, the brain caused by Alzheimer's disease significantly reduces life expectancy, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plate plates and weird cigarettes in the August brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are sticky.
And when you fold well, these sticky dots end inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules to stick each other, form groups that can form large plates and cigarettes.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like destroying a bomb.
Cutting a cable could do nothing.
Cut the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced wires and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemicals, engineers, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now, it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see some videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they're moving with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are paid into each other, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just an initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be done in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to realize that Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and that if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and families have gotten more research and pressure pressure, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move forward in the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Austria, who cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column, in January of this year.
To fall out of somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience when I test myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers are used to make 36 more and more personal questions, and then both of you look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12: If you could wake tomorrow tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be??
Number 28: when was the last time you cried to another person?
And just?
By the way that it goes forward, these are more and more personal.
Number 30: I like it -- I really like -- Tell your partner what it's like or she, but I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you would not say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion of testing this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
We were looking at it, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the Monday Modern column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: Keep together yet?
And the reason I think they're questioning this is because they've already done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, I was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been tempted to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagine that my article at the New York Times would probably get a few thousand views.
And that took a good attention of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as it gave, I had no idea.
The article published online a Friday night, and already Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday's Sunday had been called the Tudor Show and the American Morristan.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with sincerity about loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, they asked the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick quest on the mailbox of my email with the phrase:``Keep together? ''
Several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and of corporate strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage,``Hey Mandela, where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately got red.
This is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included readers of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse before all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we're both doing a public emergence together.
He's got television interviews, and he refused to resist the photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the invisible icons of the assembly process, a range that I didn't feel at the absolute qualified.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, I mean, if I was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love, enduring love.
But this was a question that I was not able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, that people would ask the wrong question.
How do you know if you're going to go together or don't, and then tell you?
If the answer was not, would you do the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for an interactive approach between college students, using what Aron called Supplement Personal openness, progressive and reciprocal.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing that, several previous studies also used the Rosetta Raising Rap as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposing political ideology.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was cited in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of liberal arts college, and then a student approached me and said to me,``I tried the study and didn't work . ''
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I said that you love you from the person who you did?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I got better friends?
Did you feel that they were able to know better after testing the study?
The gut.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the first time when I was 29, and I was through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was practically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and he had no idea how or he could live without him.
So I'm looking at science.
I research everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could some way to vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time, I thought I just research for the book that I wrote, but in hindsight, it seems really obvious.
I thought, if I was caught with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and just as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see myself more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can reasonably expose me.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel wonderfully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask: still follow together?
And his content with a yes or no.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: how do you decide who you deserve love and who not?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of my relationship, this is this -- a year ago, a known study, and I applied a study to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to stay in love.
And that's the easy part.
So at the end of my article, I wrote,``Love didn't happen . ''
We're looking at it because we take the choice of being.
And I was a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that that election was.
I'm not going to consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times you'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing before you always choose me or not.
And I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, I'd have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to become my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy ending ending in the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I actually did not write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose somebody, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
And I was raised by a few slides in full mountains, and in some ways I came up with the forest.
New York City a while ago, something that really affected me, but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight.
I took a wooden box, and it was a dollar bill, a pen and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanities or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you, because I'm here , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a time, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from exception and surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I took all the pages and I made a kind of climate stealth to the style Agnes Martin, and I covered them from resin and a bee was trapped.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I add more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite is the opposite: somehow it seemed like it had size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying magnifying.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I would find on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can fly around, draw the same as it's about a bed on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own textbook of invented specimens.
First, botanical -- that you'll be able to make an idea.
Then I did a few strange insects and creatures.
It was very funny to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Siberia.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with human beings in the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I wonder.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work was colored with something very big, which I call``transistor . ''
For the transit, I was inspired in a big measure in``The Garden of The Arts' Day"-- that is a painting at the Museum Museum in Spain.
You know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead.
Well, the triptych . I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5.5 meters long.
It's twice, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the lobster.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this indication of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where the heads with animals are headed in the end, ready for mass suicide in the ocean.
The ocean is composed of thousands of elements.
This is a girl strapped to a promise.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizon oil platform, the Ostory bin Laden shelter, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
But anyway, it's kind of a machine.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it's spreading oil in a hand while the other hand comes cloud.
Their hands are like balance, and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a``triptych . ''
It's a bit of a narrative.
That's the hand in which I run.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a trumpet, like a bird peak, and you spit cloud out of this piece.
It also has a 5.5 feet long, a snake tail that joins the transit.
But anyway, your tail sells fire when you're a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a colored class of classic cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were made in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards.
Very ahead of your time . This leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called psychologists.
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microscopy that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head; there's the chest, you can go into the entrance.
I'm going to get to you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever it has, a kind of support thing.
It's a quick round of these works, because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a little body in the middle.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside the slums.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Pink Worlds.
In this box there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We look at the box and all the people inside each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefined who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness, and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you shake your head?
They take an aspiration.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first passes through stomach, bowels and other organs.
To take a pill, it's the most effective system, and it's an industrial system so that any fresh medicine effect in the body.
The downside, though, is that when you take any medicine, you dilute it.
And this is a big problem, especially in HIV patients.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in blood, and increase the CDC cells.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to get to the blood current, they dilute, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important: in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is unacceptable and doesn't get easily in the bloodstream of patients that are going to be regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
But after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with today's drugs, which is a life treatment treatment.
One day, I sat and thought,``Could we do the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of the medications of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers, of course.
If you use in dentistry, for the care of wounds and surgery surgery, you can use for anything you can imagine, including the international transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
They'll be wondering,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a small and powerful beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains drug.
The laser through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incentive in the infection site.
The second head, which is a camera, is heading to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributed the drug, releases it directly into the site of infection, whereas laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the HIV of the body.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-lethal groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand better these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do fieldwork, in the world of politics and library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No longer.
It's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 217 peace agreements signed between 1975 and 2011 , 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, we have even to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and the politicians don't relate to them.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, Herbank Liberia, known for his violent face against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Harvard has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
In the same way, the Hamas Palestinian, known for his suicide attacks against Israel, also manage the Gaza of Gaza since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set a complex machinery of communication: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, print in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising, but by profitable businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they're putting out of professional training programs or microfinance programs.
Harvard offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn out by war or even the beginning of the ISIS ascent, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But generally, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 in the Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill up gaps for government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are, the less we can catch them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Harvard?
They get part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it be a rebel group?
Or maybe something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS??
The lines are destroyed.
We live in a world of states, of nations without state and hybrids, and the more weak states are, like the current Middle East, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups, they will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that gap of government, it has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and make peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-lethal actors, military power can win some battles, but it will not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security, to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist.
My opinions on gender equality are shame, but I fear that I openly accept the label of``feminist"would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And so I'm a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in the interviews, people started calling me``feminist".
So, what started as a personal joke of myself and a deliberate installation has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step behind.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these hairy women, angry with men and hated sex, as if that was bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people to insist that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was a accusation, a taboo and taboo.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which I ask too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are remarkable: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same thing for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of bullying or violence.
We're right to use in an easy way and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without legislative control or evolutionary doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to consider our other identities.
We're not just women . .
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have in account these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I lead to work, I hear rap music to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded to women, and I'm deeply offended, the classic``Salt Share"from the 1980s is amazing.
\" Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Peris, day, move until you brush the shell!! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all of the domestic tasks, but also kill insects, the junk collection, the caregiver's care and the maintenance of machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
Except from fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Bach"and the romantic comedy, and I have a fantasies of the stories of fairies that are actually made.
Some of my crimes are more heartbreaking.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's advantage, it's their choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
It rejection conventional feminism that has ignored or deflect the needs of women of color, workers, homosexuality and transgendered women, heterosexual, middle-class women.
Listen, if that's good feminism, I'm a very bad feminist.
The following thing is: As a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put women in a pedestal.
We hope that they shake perfection.
When we're disappointed, we would take them with a lot of taste from the same bill where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I've already considered that party before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm female ,"for fear of what that sticker means, for fear to not be able to fulfill with a little realistic expectations.
Take for example to Beijing, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the video music videos of 2014, at MTV, I act on the word``feminist"of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star open openly the feminism and make the women and young men to be female is something to be proud.
Last time, cultural critics started endless arguments whether Beijing was or not precisely feminist.
They calculate their feminism, instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand the feminist of feminist, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism to design the feminism of any woman, destroy it until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We've been able to recognize our imperfections to realize, move to action and be a little bit more courageous.
If I hear degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy supply.
These artists won't change their way to talk about women in their songs until we express change effectively affecting their profits.
It's certainly hard.
Why do you have your music that will be so pasting?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think about my nieces, three and four years.
These are two gorgeous girls, decide and brilliant, and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world.
Where they are appreciated for the strong creatures they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is seen as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sport, the Game's Game Game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports sports where athletes treat their peers as boards.
In any case, the men, especially the white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, I'm not going to participate in your project, or work with you, until I don't include enough numbers of women, both to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are surprised, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more as us are welcome to overcome barriers to decisions.
Because we're not penicilling . Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these small acts of bravery and expect our decisions to reach the top, people in the direct power and the producers of film and music, CEOs, the legislators, the people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminism, good, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"he says,``prefer to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, above all, because my voice was stolen, and the feminism helped me read it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to address what happened.
And I got a couple of kids when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated like nothing.
I started to believe it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't believe I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
It reminds me of a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin.
I read the women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminism, I also discovered that if it was a little bit brave, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the world is trying to say we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit brave, when more you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year , 137 children in California had measles for having visited Disneyland or being exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infecting over 100 children in Queens.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for over half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse: autism.
But a moment, was not the article that unleashed the policy about autism and vaccines, described and marked for being a fraud by the British Medical Journal?
Doesn't most believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know that, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines are going danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it create all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates were just three or four children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
The fundraising organizations like autism Superhero are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could tell another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it??
If you ask people at the Atlanta Control Center, what's happening, they tend to rely on phrases like``extended diagnostic criteria"and``a better case of cases"to explain these growth figures.
But that kind of language doesn't do so much the fears of a young mother looking for the face of his two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow and cautious progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kennedy, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital, in 1947, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, refusing people around, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their faces to their faces, but they were prey from the panic by matters like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kenya speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of its syndrome while collecting reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Kansas's criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, it would give that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He was once retired that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent to their office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not closed.
It takes autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and discarded parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully maintained in a refrigerator that doesn't wake up.
At the same time, Kanny noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that supply in certain areas like music, math and memory.
One child in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, affirming things like children were just picking out what they had heard their parents, desperate parents to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it was not until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of Kansas that autism was weird.
Long Windon, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of the news mothers from Kanzi was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
North and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susie without support, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, North and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They did a prevalence study in the general population.
They started a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Kanzi model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, whereas others were focused on their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the generation of reality.
Otherwise, these kids don't fit in nice and stressed boxes, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kono's monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have noticed these kids before?
But then America found a reference to an article published in German in 1984, the next year to the Kansas article, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article in the competition, but I avoided dramatically to mention her own work.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of the Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Spread, who runs an integrated clinic with an international school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were even progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and kids follow their games at afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate support forms and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development of education methods that were particularly appropriate for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that had a staggering variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at the aspects of this continuum in archaeologists known in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the destroyed professor.
He went beyond even saying, for success in science and art, a pizza of autism is essential.
North and Judith found that Kanzi was wrong that autism was cool, like the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked quietly with the American Association of psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that they would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into a beams, suggesting the limited model of Kenya for a broad and inclusive model.
These changes don't fall in broken bag.
Interestingly, when America and Judith were working between foundations to reform these criteria, people from around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before``Rain Man"was in 1988, just a little circle, started by experts knew what autism was, but after the unexpected performance of Duke Hoffman and the``Rain Man' recognition"with four awards of Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, we introduced the first easy clinical trials of using autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for their son.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes in the criteria and introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to rise, just like they predicted America and Judith, actually expected that this way was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that were deserved.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for increases in diagnostics, a simple, powerful, self-assembly story, as bad as Kanzi's theory that autism was cool.
If the current estimate of the prevention of one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they're the puzzles to solve for the new medical advances, including the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neurogenesis is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily disconnected, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
Certainly, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still getting to Asperger, who believed that the cure for the most powerful aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zambia Zacebers once said,``We need all the hands in covered to manage the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
