You know what I do is I 'm writing for kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author of the children , most of the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear dressing up as a farmer , or with leather clothes , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
Today I 'm here to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a epiphany generally is something that fell to you somewhere .
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare of class .
When I was beaten up to bleed every week on the kids ' bathroom , until a teacher saved me .
She saved my life by letting me go into the bedroom of the professors ' room .
I was doing it in secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working on the organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher , the lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned than adults never got to know us .
You could teach Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've already found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I would like you to get myself with this please .
Well , the next day , we were in Cleveland .
We went to see we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> and take care of their family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me , he became a box of ash , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about it was made in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I 've talked a lot today about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
I <unk> myself around the water , almost 60 feet , and I could n't think it was a snowflake on another <unk> year after year .
<unk> are born when they fall off the glaciers or break down the ice walls .
Every iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some people refuse to give up and hold hold up to the end , whereas others ca n't stand it more and <unk> in a very dramatic one .
It 's easy to think , when you see an iceberg that are isolated apart and alone , as much as we see us sometimes as humans .
But reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melt , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a iceberg you melt water rich water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I come up with me to photograph these <unk> as if it was a portraits of my ancestors , knowing that at these unique moments there are that way , and they wo n't go back again .
It 's not the death when it melting ; it 's not an end , but one continuation of its way through the life cycle .
Part of the ice of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- there 's a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are a iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unusual to actually get to see a rolling eardrum .
Here they do .
You can see on the left a little boat .
It 's about five feet .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the boat has moved to the other side , and the man is there .
This is a Greenland iceberg , <unk> .
<unk> from water about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so I said , the eardrum shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same moment , every single one 's a baby . OK .
So two couples each one with a baby .
I do n't want you to be lost too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention to .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the X-ray chromosome is brought to the X chromosome of the egg .
Both of them turn on and starts life .
We 'll come back to talk about them later .
In my floor , I turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of anatomy .
I 'm an historian of training , and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- which is , of humans and <unk> , how they have considered body fluids , the idea of the body , what they 've thought about about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is an activist , as a patient advocate , or , as I say sometimes , <unk> people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within a same body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've been working with lots of cases of people with classic sex sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into male schemes and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
It takes a lot of shapes .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that you do n't get into a male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual <unk> based on the chromosome of the chromosome from the chromosome to <unk> , which we all have in the fetal life , which become testes .
And then in the fetal life , the testes are producing testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> <unk> syndrome .
So there 's high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a consequence , the body develops following a course of typically female .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a child .
It 's a girl . It 's raised as a little girl .
And , often , it 's not even until puberty , when it 's growing and developing breast breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes something is going on .
After doing tests you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think about a man , but it 's actually not that way .
Women , as men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; he does n't know his structure ; I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> and we respond to <unk> .
As a consequence , somebody like me has the brain more exposed to <unk> than the woman who has the <unk> <unk> syndrome .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male male , and I had sex with her , I was wearing a life as a kid , and I had just found that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> .
And in the uterus , the uterus glands were so active that they were essentially creating a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , his genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone component typically male .
He was born as a child as a child ; no one suspicion .
And it was at the age of 19 , when it started to have medical problems caused by internal menstruation , when doctors found that , in fact , was a woman inside .
Well , another example of a case of <unk> .
Some people in the 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have <unk> <unk> wrapped in tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason kids with these kinds of bodies -- they want to be dwarfed , <unk> twins , or <unk> , <unk> surgeries that are not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they are <unk> to a number of surgeries that are a threat to our social categories .
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings to <unk> a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means to say African anatomy in historic terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you present a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept .
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids that are born as two people within a same body .
The peak recent case is last year with the South African <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> ; he put in the <unk> of the <unk> in Berlin <unk> .
A lot of journalists called to ask me , `` What are you going to do to determine whether you 're <unk> <unk> is a man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to you to the journalists that there is n't such a test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature does n't trace a <unk> line between men and women , or between men and <unk> and <unk> , and we are the ones that we draw that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we move through science , more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomic categories that were directly issued with physical categories directly -- they 're a lot more than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
Let 's look , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact of <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we thrive in science , we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life .
It 's hard to set out a moment from which a body gets human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> of how someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot as a lot , they put a feather in front of his nose , and if he moved it still not .
If I stopped moving it .
But today we can , for example , extract some vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a consequence , we have to deal with the dilemma of really someone 's death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion explosion could be happy like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I claim people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it makes me nervous .
It 's a lot more fragile than we were thinking of .
<unk> from the concept of the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I 've got to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the Founding Parents .
I know they were racist , they know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and so bold and so radical in what they did , that I find myself looking at this <unk> <unk> music and not by music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with the Founding Parents .
The Founding Parents were , for me , the first activists in anatomy and explain why .
What they 'd been using was an anatomic concept , and they would plug it with another that was radical and beautiful , and he kept over 200 years .
And , as you all remember , what our parents would miss was the idea of monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were the idea that it was coming into political power by the <unk> of the father of the father and then the son , and so on .
The Parents knew rejected that idea and replace it for a new concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They were <unk> the field of play , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomical differences .
And in part , they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system that was happening two things .
It was raising democracy , and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the history of the Founding Parents , that many were very interested in science and on the idea of a naturalist .
They were <unk> of supernatural explanations , and thus rejected the concept of supernatural supernatural power , from a vague <unk> of birth .
They were moving into a <unk> concept .
And if you look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , you talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result , we were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And in doing so , they were laid down the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened next ?
And women succeeded .
Then the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the <unk> <unk> , which said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights Movement , saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color that are going to lead to the anatomical coincidence on the anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same thing with the movement of <unk> .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some divisions of anatomical in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say we had <unk> in the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that the five-year-old were allowed to have sex or marry .
There are some ways anatomy that to me make sense , and that I think we should hold .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep it , and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two creatures at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before , on June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in the term : March 1 , 1980 .
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary are attribute to all of the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because I have a different biological age , but because it was born later .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered man , if I have n't told you whether it 's <unk> , at virtue of being considered a man 's time to be considered to be considered the mandatory <unk> of the Mary .
Mary , on his hand , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can get married in every States with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman only in some states .
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various ways are happy and questionable .
And now the question is , what do we now do now that science went so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science escapes .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude , `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a very rare position .
For example , Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man , we do n't have to have chromosome , and to get married with a woman , you have to have chromosome out .
Now , in practice , they do n't do tests with people .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his `` And Time mode '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based on the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yeah , the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure we should be able to put it into this to get people rights to people , because I 've got to admit that I know some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> that I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sex relationships than I know .
So how do we put the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me wonder what if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States would lead to this mainstream of thinking relative to democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do good work in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who is drawn to other men is susceptible to being killed by being killed , unless they 're willing to have sex .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like the surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made of <unk> twins , and then they grow his fame .
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , he said , in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
I said , `` Well , he 's considered political asylum rather than the surgical separation ? ''
United States provides tremendous possibilities for people to be who are unable to change the best of the state .
So I think we have to be in the head .
Well , to conclude , I mean I 've been talking a lot about the Parents .
And I want to think about how democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we would have grown to the Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical directions , in particular if there are people thinking in a group .
For years , since I 've been interested in the <unk> , I 've also been interested in researching the sexual difference .
And one of the things that I 've been interested in is differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operate in the world .
And what we know about studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to deal with those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism feminism , I considered myself a feminist , as <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what 's got to introduce feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking stereotypes about gender , so there 's nothing feminine in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about her question , the more I 've been like , there 's a woman in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if the Parents were very attentive to find the way to protect people through the state , it 's possible that , to have gotten more Mothers to this concept , we might have enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy , thinking less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So , as we try to create a more perfect joint , let 's think about what we do with each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , 2007 , we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family think where they want to go to live and work , has the possibility to choose between at least a bunch of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count in a single city , willing to get a single city .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their cost of construction .
So we could easily increase the world by tens , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this might sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just put it out of apartment buildings .
Imagine half of those who wanted to live in apartments , they were owners and the other half is still not required to do it .
They could try to increase the capacity by making <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and areas around them have rules to avoid the ailments and the <unk> <unk> .
So it would be very hard to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a completely new place , building a completely new apartment building , always , and when the norms of that place was building the construction instead of putting rid of .
So I suggested that governments were able to bring new reform zones to hold up cities , and I gave them a name : cities under charter .
I later found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> will come from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras of 2009 was a constitutional <unk> crisis .
In the next regular election , <unk> <unk> were imposed on a platform for a platform in which <unk> reforms and the same time reconciliation .
He asked <unk> that was his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk to TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement and trial and error and a lot of testing with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under charter to its most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say that you ca n't go and bother all the current residents of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it 's needed as much of technologies as to make progress , and usually they are the rules that keep us moving forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to him a link with the TEDTalk .
He showed it to me .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's put this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a conference room of a hotel room .
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York : Notice , land that , in some cases , cost thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk . ''
And the talk was describing in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where you start with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that are going on there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms .
So Darwin 's president called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way for our country to advance .
He asked me to be <unk> , and I 'd talk again about four and five of January .
So I came up with another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport , it covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a place that is about about 1,000 square miles .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The audience 's faces were very serious and attentive .
The leader of Congress came to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have this in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new options for people .
There would be a city option that you might be able to be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away from the North .
And they also include new options for leaders .
Because the government of Honduras ' government 's leaders help with associated countries , they could benefit from the countries associated with help to make the rules of the charter , so that everyone could trust the charter of the charter so that they could actually trust the charter of the charter .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could be easily tapping into a thousand square miles .
And soon after January 19 , they voted in Congress to promote their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow to create these special development regions .
In a country I had just gone through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress , in favor of this constitutional amendment , <unk> .
All the parties , all the factions in society , got it really .
By <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
February 17th , February once in another ballot vote , as opposed to one .
Immediately after the ballot of February of February , a <unk> delegation of about 30 <unk> was to the two places in the world that are more interested in making cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new major city center that 's been building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after four years , getting permission .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical mode , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a new city site .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come , and then it would allow to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the court of the last place for this new judicial system .
There are <unk> and developers in cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding for funding .
But the only thing we know that they 've already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies that wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to go immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to get a job , and they 're sometimes unwed mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what does it look like to think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all around the world ?
What do you think about to insist that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it is that , I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , wear , and most recently , photographing and post it on my bold , colorful and different costumes for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> shops .
Oh , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to meet people <unk> ; usually my money goes to a good cause ; I mean , it 's unique ; and buying it into my personal quest of treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it about my size ?
Do I like color ?
It will cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
So back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what does it bring someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought in .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
underwear for exactly a week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought I 'd be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after getting here to Palm Springs .
And because they do n't know me as the woman who walks by TED in underwear , that means she found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this journey of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look right .
You 're almost always going to see about 50 dollars .
All the whole set , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be a bad mood , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , not only will you understand you , you 're also going to tell you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you 're carrying inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the costumes , or I remind you about your <unk> .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you look good at something , it 's almost certain that you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inside and outside , you do n't see you ca n't get it to .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We must be able to do everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : <unk> <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style , one is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people came up with this week simply by what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
This is obviously not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to give you all .
Because the lesson that I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave back certain things .
I do n't need to hurt these things emotionally , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful , colorful suit , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and look for .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where does your brain look at this scale ?
Some of them would go through one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience in this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that it 's mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic to <unk> these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We put them playing with them and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
It 's a bad intuition that you can have developed with the past of the years is that it says that one thing can be only in a place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , it developed it .
I remember looking at a kid playing in a parking bar .
I was a little boy , and I did n't do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet that playing with that parking bar , I taught him a valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and that stay in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world , except to be a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit my intuition very well , and maybe it 's because not very often play with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not a lot .
And I 've never seen it .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But they did n't fit it right to my logic .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the piece of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right in the middle .
And then here we do a good approach to the little metal <unk> .
So what we see is a little bit of metal metal , a springboard and <unk> <unk> on a platform .
And so I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with a <unk> hole that is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a little help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people go up to do those things , because I do n't want to bother you , or actually , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The inanimate objects of inanimate objects are not only people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes around and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
And we would throw out the lights , then we introduced a vacuuming and pulled all the air out , and then cool it down to a temperature of less than a degree above zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act like it .
So we measure their movements .
We found that it moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , it was vibrating , and the way it was like <unk> was like a breath of this shape -- as a bellows to expand and contracts .
And by giving you a soft drive , we were able to make it <unk> , and you do n't go at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean is that a little bit <unk> and <unk> at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all of the trillions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's only in certain points when those line line line .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was a little clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the scale difference between one single atom , and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal .
So if one only atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part that speaks .
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time , how do that be ?
How do your consciousness act if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it , and we turned the lights and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all objects on the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just <unk> on a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's more profound .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are . And that 's the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I was doing another job on Google , until I launched the idea of doing something about a museums and art to my boss who 's here and allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories from why we did it .
I think my own story is simply explaining in this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
It 's a great education -- I would n't hurt myself , but I had no access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and going into museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Better to show you the demo , and then you 'll explain a couple of interesting things that we 've done from their launch .
So simply , we go to <unk> .
Look around all the museums there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to get into one of my favorites , <unk> , the New York museum .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click and , <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that actually does n't matter .
You move around and they 're having fun .
You want to navigate the museum ?
We opened the blueprint up , and with one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , they want to go at the end of the hall .
They 're going to go forward . Let 's get <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' of Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the mark .
If the museum shows you the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10 billion pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 billion pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you really get in with 10 billion pixels .
You can zoom in around a very simple way .
You see some fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to dive into .
So I started playing , and I found something to happen there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
I came in and I found that the kids were actually playing something .
And I did a little bit of research , I talked to some people of the <unk> , and I actually found out that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is just hitting a <unk> on a pole on a Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get deeper into depth and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to get away the image , so you 'll actually see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump at MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed you was to find some details .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see what they 're going to do actually create this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is the <unk> night , I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , it 's just the same .
You can actually create your own museum , create your own museum from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go in , and I 've created this function that I call `` The <unk> of zooming in , '' -- we just zoom in .
This is `` The ambassadors '' in the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and maintain a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all amazing things do n't really come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they even did n't come from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
They actually come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium to do justice to its work of art and that is represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to replicate the experience of going into a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everybody .
I have something to show you .
Think of it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
We call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the children in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom . But the reason I show you this is that it has happened a very interesting thing at the past two decades .
Some time ago , if you wanted to win a career of Formula 1 , I would take a budget , and you would get it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you made the career .
This is what , in engineering , you 've got real-time control system in real time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered in networks and electronics .
They 're going to be turning computers into the open air .
And , as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be screened and they 'll be screened .
<unk> cities is something big .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be something big .
Beyond cities , all of these detections , and they 're actually going into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of Teruo <unk> at the late MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called me .
Well , our objects , the environment , start to speak to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all existing atoms were going to become sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo ...
You know , when Michelangelo reads the Moses , he says , at the end , he took the hammer , and he threw it on Moses -- it still can see a little <unk> a little bit , and he said , `` <unk> ? ) ( Why do n't you talk ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- <unk> in the idea of taking the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is really one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with luck 2006 .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they played Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , at the end , I won Italy .
Now , let 's see what happened that day watching activity on the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The time line is at the top .
In the afternoon , there are people over here , and there are calls , moving .
It starts to be the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First of the extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , <unk> .
Makes Italy , yes !
That night everybody went to celebrate the center .
You see the great peak .
The next day , they were all at the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called `` Massimo '' where , from the Roman period , people are going to celebrate ; it 's a big party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we would n't have done just a few years ago .
Another quick screening example : it 's not about people , but things that we use and consume .
Today we know everything about the background of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how they assemble .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the trash on its shift through the system .
We started with some volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little bit more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things like that anyway .
And then we put a little chip , and a tag on the garbage , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from that .
From Seattle ...
after a week .
With this information we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies indoors .
We can do the same thing with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
They 're really complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transit .
But the other thing that we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that <unk> does not disappear , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we dropped a day is still there .
So if we show that to people , then we can promote some change change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detecting and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question from the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of using water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT , in a workshop , it was -- imagine you have a <unk> and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> that open and closes .
It 's created as a curtain water , with water pixels .
If you go down the pixels , you can write it in them , show patterns , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can go through the image .
We presented this to Mayor <unk> .
He liked it very much .
And we had a commission to design the building on the entrance to the House .
We call it the Digital Water Center .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no doors , no windows , but when you 're coming up to open up to you .
The ceiling is also covered with water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , the ceiling goes down .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like in this case .
These days , there will always be somebody in the winter , when the ceiling goes down , someone who was there , and he said , `` Let 's put the building . ''
No , it 's not that they 've been demolished , but when it comes down almost all architecture disappears .
Here it is working .
You see the people who are going on in it .
And here I am trying to do n't get wet and test the sensors that open water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors were stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children of <unk> came to the building because the way of interacting had changed a little bit .
It was n't a building that opened up to let you go , but a building that was still making cuts and water holes and you had to jump to not get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about how people give it to our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of those projections .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , that moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this one with a normal display in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different type .
Imagine the screen appears on different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that would be a pixel in the pixel in 3D that you can come up with , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When the light goes on , it looks like this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with an entrance that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> from the best <unk> dancers of today , the star of New York and <unk> <unk> to capture their movements in 3D , and use it as input for <unk> .
So here we can see them dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , it 's caught in different resolutions .
It 's both 3D digitization in real time as motion motion .
It can make all the movement .
You can go through the whole way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people involved in order to do something and change our environment as a <unk> farm like the calf of barn , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could make all of you a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that , in the last two decades , we moved from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time and the Obama campaign , we can go through the digital world , of the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may be we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow may be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do we move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people to do this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , a pixel in the same way that the actual cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered in the pixel .
You can move inside , you have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics in 2012 , and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So , it 's both a physical cloud of heaven as something that you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can go into there .
As if it was a new digital <unk> at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than you are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only some changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for a more accurate , more accurate , faster one .
Or maybe you would like to be in better form , to be stronger , to get more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and sure yourself ?
What about living more with good health ?
Or maybe it 's those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What do you want ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few of them is probably the number of creative people .
That 's very good .
How many of you would take memory ?
A few more .
What about the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it be possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor 's look at the subject .
The great <unk> of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , who also <unk> in the Church <unk> Church , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except for Evolution of Evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution to consider this : is it just about the past , or the future ?
It 's about others or to us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , it is , of course , that we 're most interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
In the interval , there 's been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and come back .
We 've been here about 130 years old .
It might seem like we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of the human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable from which comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we 're all carrying on the more bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio is asked by the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
Your gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide them all the nutrients that they can want without effort on their part .
It 's really like a quick thing for bacteria with the occasional <unk> of some <unk> <unk> toward the way .
But for the other , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life .
They help them digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what are the future lies ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something you might better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of <unk> in the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass -- the animal kingdom , like one and only <unk> , and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope they 've enjoyed it .
When I first went back to college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty in biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , every cell just divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two cells .
But when the multicellular organisms look like multicellular organisms .
It goes into the sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death by sex ; it seemed quite reasonable at the time , but with every year that was happening , it was more doubt .
I was able to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still in Las Vegas well in his 90s .
And one night hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him find a magnificent dancer dancing dancer .
He looks at him and he says , `` I came in search of a sex soup . ''
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to be healthy .
He wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted us to live more and healthier .
Evolution consists of shifting the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary perspective , you and I are like <unk> rockets to send the genetic load to the next level of the orbiting level , and then let us fall off the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want immortality through my work .
I want to have it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily care about longevity .
It does n't necessarily matter the biggest or the louder or the faster and even the smartest one .
Evolution favors the best creatures adapted to their environment .
That 's the only chance of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that they would produce , if there were fish there , fish preserved in vacuum , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to think about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that you do n't get it .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and lower of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made our environment so that they fit to us as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we 're getting so much that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation of evolution .
A second possibility is that there is an evolution of traditional , natural , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , as a kind of <unk> planets are going to be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , a attractive , intriguing and frightening possibility .
The call <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but yaw and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we 'll take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get this to do this ?
First , consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing having more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you choose on the individual and family level .
Think of it as well as possible to be able not to choose not only the sex of your offspring , but in your own body to make the genetic modifications to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 for 13 years .
<unk> <unk> million dollars .
The next year , in 2004 , we could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of three billion bases base pairs at a cost near $ 20,000 , and within a week .
Not a lot to be done for the human genome for 1,000 to be increasingly at the reach of everyone .
These changes come .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect themselves but they 're going to induce their viruses immunity .
Believe it or not there is an experimental trial in the course of the flu vaccine that 's grown into cells from tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
So imagine just two other changes .
Can you change the cells of their bodies , but if they could change the cells in their offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give your children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminating diabetes , eliminate the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want to be healthy ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes in order to prevent disease , will allow us to also adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of an Ken Jennings especially if you were able to deal with the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why not have a faster muscle that allowed us to run faster and further away ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of passing this into the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years , and we can compress it to 1,000 years , and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have to them .
Are we going to use these options on a better , more successful , more successful society ?
Or , are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want to do for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more more robust or more maneuverable and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the most profound thing about all : are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or worse , and before you think about , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big explosion when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one that I could talk to about flight workers .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . You 're probably going to hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already scratched the airplane , and we were n't so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
That 's not the route .
They took the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noise .
And then he said three words .
The three words I 've ever heard of .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I could see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have , and I never had .
As I was thinking about that later , I came up with a sentence , which is , `` collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to hear anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while I put the bridge George Washington , which was n't for a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my mistakes I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also gave my ego .
And I 'm sorry that I 've wasted on things that did n't matter with people who do matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels about wonders .
I do n't try to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while I was <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , I 'll die not fear .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And the sadness would be <unk> in a single thought , which is , just wish one thing .
I wish I could grow my kids growing .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And I scream , I cry .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be the world .
At that point , I understood those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
Throughout everything , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was <unk> a miracle , not to die that day .
And I gave myself another gift , which was the chance to look at the future and go back and live otherwise .
You 're flying today , the challenge to you to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please do n't , but imagine , and how do you change ?
What they would do , they 're still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How do you change your relationships and negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed with a lot of amazing projects .
But the most cool thing I worked on was this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the 1980s .
One day he came home after a run and said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today <unk> has complete paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , the graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and I met her brother and father and said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it , and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , is n't it that you 've seen Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate with those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be someone important and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how are they communicating then ? ''
Did anybody see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're marking <unk> .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I came up with the only wish to get a check and instead of that signed a check that I had no idea what I was going to cover .
I pledged with his brother and his father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to do its art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that somebody who has so much inside it ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research Lab , which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then , with a laser pointer , they draw on it and recorded the negative space .
So they 're going around making art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , are part of a life cycle .
They start with sex organs , then with bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start to do art .
But there was always a cycle of life on his presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of an organization and a lot of moving things on one side we had done a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of the insurance companies , and we get a machine so that they could be able to be able to communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's more fun ; I call him <unk> because by talking to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy 's fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was we bring seven programmers from all over the world 's <unk> world to our house .
My wife , kids and I , and I moved into the garage back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> and <unk> , took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid , and that when they were <unk> the walls of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the Venice ride in Venice , my son was part , my dog also , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a pair of cheap sun sunglasses that we bought on the shipping ride in Long Beach , which was a little bit of copper wire and <unk> <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we open it up , we put it on an LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- and there 's one device that is free -- we put the code down the software down for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says , `` No . ''
There are no hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate with just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's her room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after over a year of planning , two weeks of planning , intense sessions from all night , Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of life , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the outside of the hospital .
And he went back to the first time in front of her family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was like in the parking lot .
The funny thing was we had to break into the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I draw in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater and someone finally came to me and get me out there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our <unk> scream .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a cool device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> display .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and make it faster .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won many awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The awards were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted about us , and then in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , and it was really great .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up to close the <unk> is that in April of this year , in the middle of Africa , in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called `` Art at <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> , all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> , nothing was possible at some point .
Do it -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technologies ; I just recognized something , and I 'm trained to myself with wonderful people to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want us to do every day when we find ourselves with something we feel like we have to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who 's ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations usually very difficult and very dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked on a coal mine .
It 's in war zones -- hard and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days to eat just this -- fun at first , something hard in the middle , very dangerous , very dangerous .
In fact , in a large part of my career , I 've been <unk> in situations with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that seem attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that they saw fun and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew that I was going to come up here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and in patronage , I wanted to do something a little bit differently .
So , some of you may have heard of it , or not , a couple of weeks ago I took a warning in <unk> .
I sent some text messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , volunteered for the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What I had was the following : `` <unk> his <unk> <unk> : My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is , according to content , in the face , especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company to do it .
But that 's a really good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that one , I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I could n't have been able to tell them for certainty .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we examined the world 's marketing , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've got myself in horrible situations over the last few years , but nothing could get me ready , nothing could be able to do it as hard or as dangerous as to enter the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to do a film that 's about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that the whole film has fed up with products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` the biggest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest movie ever sold '' is that all of the top at the bottom , in end , has a brand images , all the time , from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> Built , <unk> Center .
These people were beaten by the film to always .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . ''
I 'm a half . ( MK : I 'm just saying it . ) It was more emphasis .
I was like `` A . For always . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X brand in the title , but we 're going to make sure all the categories that we can in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe you 've used ...
The most cool car that you have led to `` The biggest ever sold , '' the best drink that you had from drinking <unk> from `` biggest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , in addition to showing the marks as part of the life , so what we were going to do is we put it on the film ? ( MS : And we actually show it the full process of how it works .
The goal of the whole film is transparency .
You 're going to see all the process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , in principle .
And I would love to help them to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if , `` angle '' is really <unk> , but do you know how it 's going to make an idea . ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money do we need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half ] -- John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to the meeting with them , but certainly it 's going to be worth defending a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out , we saw it as a lot of idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` not . ''
MS : But will it be hard for selling it , by the film or being ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... means you 're not very optimistic .
So , do you help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about which brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge -- when you look at the people you have to deal with .
MK : We have some places where to go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` shuts off the camera '' meant we have a conversation outside the microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so it was , one by one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of them wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , to make people as much as possible .
Especially in the world today is this intersection of new media and old media and a separate media scenario , is n't the idea of that new vehicle that 's going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error and that mistake was this .
No , there was no such mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you look for <unk> images on Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your roll , Sergey Brin . No .
So this was the problem : transparency , simulation of simulation or deception -- easily detected , and it 's easily understandable , which is characterized by the visibility , or access to information , mostly in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest line .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named the name , the president of the claims , even the CEOs are named .
But all of a sudden when it comes to make it something suddenly changes .
But why ? Well , transparency fear -- like that rare bear that still <unk> <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
<unk> a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want us to tell <unk> . ' story .
We want you to tell a story , but you want to tell <unk> . ''
See , when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie , and there he is looking at me as a little bit of <unk> said , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
You see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just a company , one agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> in many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own , I would have to remove the proxy and go to corporations myself with my whole team .
So what I started to find out of a sudden , and I started to give me <unk> is that when you start talking to companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant movies and others who make small movies , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make films of big , giant Hollywood movies , they say the reason that their films have so much successful , it 's due to the brands they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically at the film ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone can I say , `` Are you good cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you .
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there was one of these fabulous aroma ones .
Whether `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` <unk> of paradise , '' they 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have a lot of man as a woman for a woman ; solid , to <unk> , in bar .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a <unk> look .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
Similar to the kind of smaller movies you actually had ; we 're rather a rival .
So we do n't have the budget that has other brands .
So doing things like this , you know , to remind people are the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would they use to describe care ?
Ki-moon is in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : <unk> technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talked about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus `` combat smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh .
How do we keep us cool more time ? With better freshness , plus freshness , three times more cool .
Things like those who highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man in the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the 1980s , punk punk ' unless it 's under laundry .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : Yes , the gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> . ''
I like dark colors , many gray colors and so forth .
Usually I 'm wearing accessories like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and similar crystals .
Woman : If Dan was a brand could be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I would call it a casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In part of a hippie , partly <unk> , partly <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
They have toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because I deliver the stock .
Man 5 : Nation <unk> <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be wearing Tom Tom , but I often lie at the intersection of dark <unk> and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could get into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality .
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they certainly could do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a family picture .
A : Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come back and start in a place and in my case , and in my case start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What is the next thing you want to talk about ?
MS : The next day , this was the best day of my life .
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I wanted to be .
I like different things .
I like things weird . I like things weird .
A : Tell me about why , what does that serve us ?
What 's the machete ? What a <unk> are you now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster you are ?
MS : Whoa ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness on this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality ; Mark <unk> Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
<unk> very well .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies will only be engaged in one of their strong points or on the other rather rather than focus on both .
A lot of companies tend to be -- and it 's nature 's nature to avoid all the things that are not secure ; they 're not to avoid fear , those elements , and you actually go back and make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can see here , also , Target here , Wii <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
Now there 's a playful brands and brands conscious , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to give you your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bonus attribute ? You 're somebody who makes your blood flow ?
Or are you more like a top-down attribute ?
A little happier , reserved , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are like being playful to be cool as `` Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold , or bold as <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , profane , dominant , magical or mystic . ''
Or are you more about top-down attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , provider , protector ? Are you like Oprah ?
Are you trustworthy , stable , familiar , safe , confident , contemplative , wiser , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 enterprises , ascending and descending and descending , which said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the end product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the <unk> centers in the brain so much for commercial marketing for film .
We went to San Paulo where they 've been forbidden by outdoors .
In the entire city over the last five years , there 's no fences , there 's no posters , there 's no efficiencies , nothing .
And we went to school districts that companies are going to get into schools with cash issues in America .
The incredible thing to me is that the projects I 've had the greatest answer or the ones that I 've ever had more successful is those I have to interact with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> the intermediaries , they took off their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that is going to make people think , who will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did they go ? They were successful ?
Well , since the movie was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions on the media for this film .
This is just a two-year period of two weeks and a half .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not getting wet .
It 's not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not wrong because almost all of the agencies that we 're talking about , and it 's not going to be part of it .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that on those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that , they 're pushing them into failure .
I think when you train their employees at risk at risk is preparing their entire company for being rewards .
I feel that what 's going to happen to move forward is we need to encourage people to take risks .
We need to encourage people to do not fear of the opportunities that they can <unk> .
Ultimately , I think we need to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . <unk> risk .
From a <unk> at once , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to use transparency .
Now more than never a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , my whole talk `` <unk> '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who per capita , the rights of the name on <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , that happened exactly with those <unk> dollars ?
MS : That 's a remarkable question .
In my pocket , I have a check on the name of the TED Prize organization , the Sapling Foundation , a check for honor to be applied to my assistance of the next year .
The idea behind the worm looking at Stuxnet is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of <unk> <unk> in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time systems in real time .
If we managed to engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can have a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put a cash virus from Windows on a portable computer used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , eh ?
I want to tell you how we found this .
When we started researching about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that was known is that it 's very , very complex at the Windows part : <unk> used multiple <unk> vulnerabilities .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That was called attention , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and saw what happened to this .
So they went very strange things .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a laboratory rat who did n't like our cheese : it would wave it , but he did n't want to eat .
I did n't make sense for me .
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , this is a run .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively searching in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If not , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than we 'll get the goal soon .
And so we pulled out , and we would take the attack on the attack , and we found that there was structured two digital bombs -- a small one and a big one .
We also saw that they were very professionally <unk> by people that obviously had all the internal information .
They 're going to take all the points to attack .
You probably even know how much I fit the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard the <unk> of Stuxnet , complex and high-tech , let me tell you : the load is very complex .
It 's above all we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this attack .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking at at the beginning was called the function of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and tried to <unk> them with the real world , with potential world targets .
We need theories about recipients that we can pass or <unk> .
In order to get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent House , it must be a valuable white white , and it 's certainly located in Iran , because the majority of the infections has been <unk> .
There are not several thousand goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and the <unk> plant .
So I told my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants among our clients . ''
I called them and I consulted them in an effort because of what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with control of rotor space .
So , our rotor is that mobile part in the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor of rotor , they certainly can get <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to the maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
We 're trying to decipher the big digital <unk> by looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started researching scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they are structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we found in the code of attack ?
A almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
And this gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had with our hands .
So it 's no misunderstanding : it was n't .
The results have been taken from several weeks of hard work .
That 's normally <unk> in dead ends , and we needed to go back .
And yet , we found that both digital warheads were going to be one single target , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making these rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the intended recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should not worry about that other targets are <unk> for Stuxnet .
Here 's some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is to intercept the input values for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false data data .
And believe it or not , this fake entry data is <unk> for Stuxnet .
It 's like the Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security camera feeds on <unk> video .
Is it cool ?
The idea here is obviously not only <unk> to the operators in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the big steam turbine is happening , you have to open <unk> valves in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't make it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're committed , then they can pass bad things .
The plant can explode .
And they would n't afford to do the security system , you 'll notice it .
That scares .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium <unk> .
It could also work , for example , in a power plant , or a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker , to disseminate this with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional <unk> technology .
<unk> as possible .
And if you made that , you know , with what you 're doing is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we need to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All of the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to face the consequences , and better we 're going to start to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been public in many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your view ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There is one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and give you a <unk> abilities , or another one that makes users of chairs you get up and go back to walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> , '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different than something that gets in the morning , gives you a big force , which also increases your speed , and help you , for example , to handle your balance .
It 's actually the real integration of man and machine .
But not just that -- it can integrate it and connected it to the universe and with other foreign beings .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now in what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to take on their back , a <unk> load of 45 pounds , and they 're pushing it on to take more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injury on the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage damage .
We decided to consider this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or Human Human <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton , I can carry 90 pounds on variables over many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to get a lot of crawling to crawling and to run movements with great agility .
<unk> what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it enhances my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the wheelchair users , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people around , in the wheelchair , around the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens very often , very young people , with damage to the backbone that they start their life -- 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We also talk about the population of aging that it 's added very quickly .
Their only option , many times -- a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been over for the last 500 years , from its successful emergence , as I must recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 's 19 years ago , had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result , it could n't be walking for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
They 're completely not invasive in crutches that they send signals to board the computer on board , here on the back .
There 's also a little bit of batteries that give the motors in the hips , and on the knees , and they make it forward with this soft , very natural gait .
AB : I was at the top of my life at the top of my life when , by a stranger jump in the air , skiing down the air , it was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all this feeling and everything from the pelvis .
Shortly after , a doctor went into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never be going to walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
It stole me until the last few hope of my self .
<unk> technology since then , has allowed me to learn how to fly down in <unk> , climbing rocks and even ride in hand bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life in future generations -- not only of soldiers , but Amanda , and all the wheelchair users , everybody .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the festival of the <unk> Man or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of the wild Bonobos in Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestry , an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago .
Now , chimpanzees are known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've done a lot of emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by great , frightening types , the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has n't been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of a violent conflict that has been prolonged for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction also put in danger of the Bonobo 's survival .
commercial trade trade and deforestation do that you ca n't fill in the stadium and the bonobos who are left in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden , you know , hidden trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , `` do love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to drive conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of mankind because the lifespan of the Bonobo is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , as humans , love to play throughout their entire life .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us , the game is fundamental to establish bonds and foster tolerance .
With him we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
The game increases creativity and resilience , and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo game , you see the evolutionary roots of the same laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play you , but I want to show you a couple of only only <unk> videos .
First , it 's a game of a ball , Bonobo , Bonobo , and I 'm not talking about football .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , `` It has <unk> . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So the sexual game is commonplace both in bonobos as in humans .
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows you the invention of bringing unusual elements to play , like <unk> , and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take many ways , some of which are younger , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder will be <unk> .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who is playing with water with it .
I think , like she , sometimes we play alone , and we explored the limits of our inner and outside worlds .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections we formed are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just small samples of understanding that bonobos give us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a world increasingly difficult and more creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> .
To adapt to success to a world that changes we have to play .
But how much did we have a game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems to be less appropriate to play , it can be the moments that it 's the most urgent .
And so , fellow primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together while they <unk> creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not battling poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of the captain in a volunteers of volunteers .
And in our city , the volunteer volunteers to a highly skilled personal staff , you have to get to the site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer at the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But still there was a career on foot against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were standing in the full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in pajamas , in my pajamas , as his house was on fire .
The other volunteer I had just arrived before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> first came up to the captain , and he asked her to go inside and would save the house dog .
The dog ! I was at jealous . ' ''
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , would have to tell the people who walked into a burning building to save a living one because I made it for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to go home .
I need to go up , I 'll take the fire , and I 'll bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear to .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I went down the stairs , at the end of the hallway , I went to the <unk> firemen , and that even more or less had finished off the fire , and I went into the fourth room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog in the front door .
We got the house out of the house dinner for the house owner where , like waiting , his treasure was a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the house owner by the brave endeavor to save his house .
The kindness she was looking for about what else was that somebody had had a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , like my calling as a voluntary fireman is witness to acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also acts of grace and courage in the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're to achieve , remarkable levels of success I 'd like to remind you of this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , <unk> now .
They 're <unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a park park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we will be able to influence someone 's life .
So I trained to play ; I 'll get the shoes out .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks was made in 1868 with a very simple idea : cement modules of a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at once .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , caring about this .
It was called machine assembly .
And in a few years , the surrogate bricks came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that you 've made over 400 billion or 75 blocks per person on the planet .
There 's no engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
Many of them simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite of the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would lead us from a world of static building blocks each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits , a brick at once .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about it is that they come together by magnets .
So you ca n't get it wrong .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the stream , the pink is the entrance , and the orange is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue one in green , and very quickly can begin to make bigger circuits .
A blue with a green one makes light .
We can put a button in the middle , so we have a regulator on the middle .
If we change the button by a pulse of pulse , which is here , and now we have a light on this .
And we would take this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , we will connect and screw and screw , <unk> allows us to program very simple gestures .
To make it faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to get bricks and bricks to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , engines ; everything must be accessible .
We 've given children to watch them play with them .
And it 's been an incredible experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how does a light on night , or why the door of an elevator is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without any electronic experience begin to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles , and felt , we have <unk> .
( metallic noise ) A few weeks ago , we took <unk> to the Rhode Island School designers , who have no experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper and said , `` Make something . ''
Here 's an example of a project that you 've done , a <unk> cannon <unk> .
But wait , here 's my favorite project here .
It 's a <unk> locust that 's afraid of darkness .
For these engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be in reach of everybody .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can go to the website , download all the design files and manufacture them .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk today about unexpected discoveries today .
I work in the solar industry industry .
And my little company is looking for engaging in the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit to carry .
We can -- we can continue to get the video on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Our solar technology is ...
Oh , `` Oh , I 'm going to know ? ''
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they 're supposed to do , and we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and they would be like the <unk> of Peace .
It took a few members every year and we put them working with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them the wild municipal world .
They made big applications ; they worked with municipal employees .
Your task is to show you the possibilities of technology today .
So meet by Al .
This is a fire hydrant of Boston .
Here it comes as if I was looking for a date , but what you really look for is that somebody got it out when it 's caught up in the snow , because it knows it 's not very good at turning fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it get to ask for help this singular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of members of <unk> for America .
They were there in February and at that time long last year .
They realized that the city never wiped these fire hydrants .
But one of the members of the members called Erik <unk> , I noticed something else : that citizens would have shovels with shovels right in front of them .
So he did a good programmer , he developed an app .
It 's a nice application in which you can take a hydrant .
You accept it to clean up when you 're <unk> .
When you do that , you put a name , in this case , put it in this case .
If you do n't do it , somebody can be <unk> .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
It 's probably the smallest of 21 applications last year .
But it does something that no other government 's technology achieved .
And it spreads viral .
A single responsible system for the city of Honolulu 's city , when you see this application realized that I could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to <unk> the tsunami .
It 's very important to work these tsunami spreads , but people will steal the batteries .
That 's why the citizens who control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens <unk> blindfolded .
And Chicago is just throwing it out to get people to go in to clean sidewalks when they 're <unk> .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spreading without friction , organic and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know that this does n't happen normally .
The acquisition of software generally takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they said to have the normal channels , it would have taken at least two million dollars , and the side of two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the judicial justice power that up to the moment , 2,000 million dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that 's program in a couple of days , and it 's spreading viral is a kind of warning to the institution of the government .
It suggests the best way to work , not as in private companies , as many people think should be .
It 's also not like a technological company , but rather as the Internet itself .
That is , without any constraints , open and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that has new generation -- not as a problem of an institution , but as a problem of collective action .
And that 's very good because it turns out that we 're very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
You have n't given up with the government .
They have a great frustration of that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost from sight .
And that is , if we leave the feelings about politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that they 're going crazy , the government is , essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because we can not . ''
Now a lot of people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government ultimately grows from us -- remember that , `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it will affect the way we can produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started this .
And as many people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially about <unk> .
This is the center of phone care and information .
It 's the place that calls the calls if you 're wearing 311 in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He joined `` <unk> '' in the basis of official knowledge .
I did n't find anything . It started with animal control .
And finally , he said , `` Hey , you can open the door door , put it hard to see if you 're going ? ''
And it worked . So for Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
I would n't make that app .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New York City Service .
One day , this really happened , it comes to this request : `` <unk> in my garbage bin . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave them ? ''
<unk> <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was talking in person .
In <unk> <unk> , it 's all public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went to the place , found the garbage cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . lived ? Yes .
I went home . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to stand up and help others .
So , one citizen helped another , but the government had a key role .
connected to the two people .
And it might have been connected to government services to be necessary , but the neighbor is a better and cheaper alternative than the government services .
When one neighbor helps another , they bring their communities .
If we call control of animals , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we have to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think you 're the input of the other .
That our entrance to the government system is the vote .
How many times have they chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and their own <unk> needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches .
So underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt what 's keeping us that is that we funded as something that is operating in our against , that other thing , and we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we 'll have to make the bureaucracy that is sexy .
Because it 's where the true government work happens .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the order of <unk> -- on the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us that we 've been faced with the government , it 's time that you ask what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to deal with .
Do you really think that we get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everybody ?
We ca n't afford government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and you know it 's not that hard to act out , you just articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so I , so reluctantly , I 'm a generation older than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to speak ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do it .
So when they face the government problem , they do n't really care about them to hear their voices .
They 're using their hands .
They put the work to program applications that make better government work better .
And those applications are allowed to use our hands to improve our communities .
It might be cleaning up a hydrant , you take out weeds , you stretch a garbage cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we always could have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people do .
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we 're not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and we get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't treat the citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we need to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or will we be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and in death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of desperation .
And being here at TED seeing and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that tell you here have impact around the world .
In times , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they 're taught with feeling , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , it can achieve much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in the practice of the right , my work .
I learned this from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional family of African-American family , dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it had power .
It was the last word in the whole family discussion .
She suffered a lot of <unk> in our home .
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840 .
She was born on the 1880 and his experience with slavery as they saw the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was little and I looked at her , she was approaching me and gave me a good hug .
I got so hard that I could barely breathe , and then dropped me out .
One or two hours later , I would come back to look at it , I was approaching , and I was like , `` <unk> , do you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I told him not , I 'm taking it up again , and if he said yes , I was left .
I had this human quality that I would always wish to be close to her .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to take his time and his attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and there were all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and stares at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
So he looked at her and she smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 20 minutes , she got up , I went through the room , and he took me out of her hand and said , `` Come on . We 're going to talk the two to talk . ''
I remember this as though it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me out , and he said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now , let 's not do it . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching you . ''
And he added , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to tell me is that you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to <unk> that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , so I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to tell me is that you will always do the right thing , even though it 's hard . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to do is you never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , so I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in rural South , I have a brother a year older and a sister a younger year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a six beers package , I do n't know where she got it , took me to my sister and me and left for the forest .
We 're just going to have the crazy crazy things .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me to me .
I said , `` No , no . All right . You go on , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today , you 're going to do it . And you 're always doing the same thing that we do .
I already took something , your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can go on . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
And he came up with the force and he went , `` Oh , not that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this is spreading widely .
But I 'm about 52 years old , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this to be an virtue -- I 'm saying it by the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others who really do n't make sense of it .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't think to be able to do .
I think my grandmother would naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to engage it .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than what was 40 years ago .
There were 300,000 prisoners .
Today 's 2.3 million .
In America , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black communities , they find so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of three black people between 18 and 30 years is in jail or in jail .
In the urban <unk> of the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young color young people are in jail or in probation .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's about poverty .
In this country , we have a criminal justice system that is much better if you 're rich and guilty , if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth that affects the results .
And it seems to be very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems .
We 're disconnected .
I think it 's interesting .
We 're looking at our work some very curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you have a criminal prison , you have a criminal prison .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we 're showing it over the next 10 years , the level of rights loss will be as high as before the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my customers are very young .
United States is the only country in the world where sentencing to 13-year-old children were in prison .
We have in this prison country for children , without chance to go out .
We 're now in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I represent people in death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
So , in a sense , have you thought that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way of how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes they 're <unk> , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
<unk> death in America is defined by error .
In every nine people executed , it has identified an innocent person who is innocent and released from the death row .
A mistake of error , amazing , an innocent in every nine .
This is interesting .
aviation would never be allowed to fly airplanes if every nine to take off , you would have gone .
But somehow we get rid of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction , and that lasted to World War II .
We do n't really know a lot about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a little bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The terror threat was what he defined their lives .
Now there are older people who come to me and tell me , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 're going to tell talks , talk about people who stop saying that in our own history , for the first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of voting and of separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And this is why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We create <unk> and conflicts .
It costs us work to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a real and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that we could n't overcome failure without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving talks about death row .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers got after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good worrying to listen to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We have no death penalty in Germany .
We can never be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way that with our story , we can never get into a systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we could put them to play people . ''
It 's about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany would do , especially if they were in their most Jews ?
We could n't do it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these issues that are so difficult , the positive , wonderful things are , however , involved with .
We love innovation .
It 's fascinated by technology . <unk> creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , we need to integrate both of those things .
We talk lately about the need for more hope , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
And if you think about them , it is , in a way , something that 's within us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . Despite being so rational , so committed to intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from hope , also by the convictions of the heart .
This is the connection of the mind with heart is what drives us look not just in the bright and dazzling , but also in the dark and how hard .
There 's been <unk> , the great <unk> leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering by oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , guidance for the spirit , a will for being in places of despair and to witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , has to engage it .
There is no disconnect with technology and design , which allowed us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make up a much more challenging identity than if we ignoring these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women got together just to speak .
Occasionally , the lady <unk> called me , to say , `` <unk> , comes the lady . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I was like , `` Yes ma'am . I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I said , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and I just listened to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks came to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , let me tell me that this idea of equal equal equal .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been doomed unfairly .
We 're trying to confront prejudice and discrimination in criminal justice .
We try to end up with the life sentences , without freedom parole for children .
We 're trying to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We try to end the massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and I looked at me and said , `` mmm hmm . ''
And he said , `` We were exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At the time , Ms. <unk> leaned out , put my finger in the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to address those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I have come to understand and believe that every one of us is higher than we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a burglar .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not a murderer .
So this is why I think there 's basic dignity in people who have to be respected by law .
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
So it 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite poverty is justice .
And finally , I think , even very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very exhilarating , we will not judge us judge our technology , for our designs , not for our intellectual or rational capacity .
At the end of the end of a society , not the way they treat the rich , powerful and privileged people , but the way they treat the poor , convicted , prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand truly deep issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I make too much strength .
<unk> tired , like everybody .
Sometimes those ideas are going beyond my decisions in an important way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of <unk> .
I 'm going to jail and I see my age of 13 and 14 years , who have been <unk> so that they were adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge become somebody who 's not ?
The judge as an adult , but I see a child .
One night very late , I was awake thinking -- `` God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , you have to have magical powers . ''
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for something about that .
As it was too late , I could n't think right , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 year-old customer , small , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` <unk> for my 14-year-old client in 14 years , it 's treated as an absolute president of 75 years , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I started that there had been gruesome behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or did I really write it ?
For my horror , not only had it <unk> , but I had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- `` Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case . ''
I got into the car and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went in the car to court .
I thought this would be very hard and pathetic .
I finally went down the car . I walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with an older black man ; he was superintendent in court .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` You 're a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I walked up and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that it was <unk> .
That was deeply connected with my interior , with my identity with the ability we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I walked into the room of audiences .
When I walked in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Be Mr. I went . '' And we started discussing .
People started to get . They were all upset .
I was the one that had written those crazy crazy things .
The cops got the policemen , the auxiliary prosecutors .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . They 're all furious because we 're talking about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I was going to see what he was going on and came .
I would look out the window and try to hear all that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a head of concern , walked in the room and sat behind me , almost on the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break , a <unk> assistant showed me because the superintendent had entered in the room .
The assistant ran over the old black man .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience 's room ? ''
And the old black boy stood up , I looked at the assistant , and she looked at me and said , `` I walked into this audience 's room to tell this young man to keep his view in <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large , but it folds into justice .
We can not be truly human if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to others .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , to those of the people here who share this , I just want to tell you to keep the view in the goal with a <unk> .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious wish of the audience , in this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to do an effort to reduce the funds that are spending today in punishment policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death row , in the next five years . A billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of homicide cases not <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to make the rule of law , to safety .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate .
What would you say to you who you think this is ?
<unk> : Actually , crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence .
It 's because of the wrong War .
That 's why this rising increase in the prison population .
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life forever -- by stealing a bicycle , by small crimes against ownership , instead of making them <unk> those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
I think our current philosophy of punishment is nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 're really excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats of Bin Laden .
<unk> : <unk> in Somalia . Announcer 3 : The police throw spray .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
Announcer : <unk> social : <unk> <unk> : 65 .
<unk> 8 : <unk> , nine : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War <unk> : mutually massive . <unk> .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> . Egypt . Egypt .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months -- <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that media would prefer to be negative news because our minds are paying attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of each day our senses are getting a lot more data than the brain can actually process .
And like nothing else we care more than to survive , the first stop all of these data is an old excerpt from the temporal lobe of the temporal lobe .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and recorded all the information is looking for something in the environment that could cause harm .
That 's why a <unk> of stories would look at the negative .
That old adage saying , `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And given that all digital devices give us negative news with you , 24 hours a week , 24 hours a day , no wonder we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world is going wrong in worse .
But maybe not that .
Maybe instead , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps the huge progress has been done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the extinction of species , water scarcity ; we have no doubt .
As humans , we 're very good at <unk> problems , and in the long end , we end up with them .
Let 's take it in the last century to see where we 're going .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , the average income per capita has tripled in the world .
Child mortality has halved 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of human history .
And Charles graffiti that global literacy has been 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary era .
A lot of people forget it .
And we continue to give us more and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , a lot of people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , mobile , moving , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the past century , the <unk> on the planet would never have dreamed of such luxury .
So much of this is technology and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray showed it showed that any tool that would fit in technology technology , jumps off this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price performance in about 12 months .
So the mobile phone you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law over the last hundred years .
I want you to watch two things on this curve .
First , how soft it is -- in good and bad times , in war and in peace , in recession , in recession and booming .
It 's the output of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop at any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it goes up .
<unk> growth rate is itself faster and faster .
And on this curve , at <unk> of Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computer in the cloud , that my friends in Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing , and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , the fuel , vaccines , vaccines and food , the digital biology , the nanomaterials and the AI .
I mean , how many people saw victory in `` Jeopardy '' `` Jeopardy , '' from IBM ?
It was epic .
I sought in the newspapers the best headline to have .
And I loved this one , `` Watson was <unk> human opponents . ''
`` `` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
He plays the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence on the cloud , available for everyone on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would be absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done it .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single person on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of as possible .
It 's about taking that that is scarce and making very abundant .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon 3 in the <unk> in 1800 .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited dinner the king of <unk> .
The troops of Napoleon ate with covered with silver , and the same Napoleon , covered in gold .
But the <unk> king , ate with aluminum covered .
You see , aluminum was the most precious metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
So that 's why the end of the outbreak to Washington is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is 25 percent of the mass of the Earth , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tied up by oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made of aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
We 're going to have this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 16 than every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated by diesel : <unk> rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to 15 cents in the national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about wars in the water .
Remember when Carl Sagan has pointed the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth , in 1990 , after Saturn ?
I 'm looking at a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent ice is ice , and we fight for 0.5 percent of the planet 's water , but also here is a hope .
It 's a technology available not 10 or 20 years , but right now .
The nanotechnology comes , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators from the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , I got permission to do this -- his technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a little refrigerator .
It 's able to bring a thousand liters of drinking water to the day of any source , saltwater , contaminated water , <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The Coke 's CEO I thought I 'll make a major test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I have full confidence in which that 's going to be , Coca-Cola is to implement it in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is a <unk> innovation that is today technology today .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration penetration in the developing world in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than the Reagan 's 25 years ago .
And , from having a smart mobile phone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music and music technology , <unk> technology , and they 're losing the market value with mobile .
Maybe the best thing to get when it comes to health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure of announce with the <unk> Foundation called <unk> <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk about , and because it has AI , you can coughing , you can get your finger out of your finger .
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this <unk> device would be a virus of RNA or DNA that does not recognition , I 'll call the age of health and , first of all , to stop that the pandemic happened .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just had the brand of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the population explosion is to provide the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people in 2010 , connected .
By 2020 , we 'll go from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds never before heard that you add to the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What about ? What should you want ?
And instead of economic collapse , we will have the largest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And most of the most health care , thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with Khan Khan , and because of using 3D impressions and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity , healthy educated and productive ?
How about voices never before ?
What if we give the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and to be able to act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
What if they 're contributions we ca n't predict ?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that before they could only do the large corporations and the governments .
I 'm going to end up with a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you already know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> shape the structure and functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was a problem of supercomputers .
They 've played this with these college professors , each other .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined in and started to play it .
And it 's been shown that today the global pattern recognition machine is better folding proteins than best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , which gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the <unk> passion of <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion different minds that we 're going to do to work on to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of starting .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe they believed he 'd been interviewing him , but it was n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as very `` common . ''
It was grouper .
They caught it very much until the 1880 .
Now the fish is in the Red List of the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times , over Galapagos and other places , so that has nothing special .
But the case is , we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> still say they 're still intact .
So what 's going on here ?
The second story is also illustrates another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could get it .
It burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was not there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palm , and as you can see , of a mangrove set .
I had been <unk> from about 20 centimeters , a black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was spent for a good moment , so it was more than the average in Ghana .
When I was there 27 years later , the amount of fish had halved .
They were at five centimeters .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing to change , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of Fisheries in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in the <unk> Europe , a lot of development projects done .
fishing development was imposing in the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called <unk> 4 .
I went fishing in it , and we conducted studies in the South China Sea , and especially in the Java Sea .
What we 've captured there was something <unk> .
<unk> , right now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured was sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny spots on the remains , remains that they 're a coral reef fish .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was cast .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study and then start commercial fishing .
The background is going to be a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead tortoise .
They did n't eat them . They wrote it because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
So this mountain of remains is what the fishermen are collected every time they go to an area where they have never fished .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
<unk> the starting point , the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this stuff that happens .
On the y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with <unk> .
Each generation will use the images I 've received the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive the loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the accumulation of changes .
And at the end , I 'm going to keep you all miserable remains .
And that , largely , is what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously an animal that is very abundant , before they go extinct , it 's rare .
You do n't lose animals .
You lose <unk> animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a sea synonymous with big fish .
They become unusual because we take them off .
Over time , there are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that it was very different .
And they 're going to do it because the evidence presented in an earlier mode is not the way they would expect it to have the evidence .
So , for example , the anecdote that some of you are presented with , as I would just captain such a little bit and just looked at a lot of fish in this area can not be used or , generally does n't use it , and usually do n't use the scientists of fishing , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So , we have a situation where people do n't know the past , although we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
Hence the huge role that can deliver a protected area .
Because with marine protected areas , we really recreated the past .
<unk> the past that people ca n't conceive of because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine area , and they can benefit from vision that provides , which allows them to delete their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and film , maybe you can fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay simulation .
There were a lot of time ago , there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moved with the movie -- or do n't you talk about the story of how to deal with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is to Cameron , do `` Avatar II . '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form .
It 's true .
So today we 'll see why videos are made viral and how important it has .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very hard .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or of our actions , copper copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be done famous at the Internet in a <unk> .
You go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute .
And , of those , just a small percentage gets viral , lots of views and wins <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : makers of trends , communities of participation and surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video shot outside his house in Yosemite Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This chart shows the views of the popularity of the last summer last summer .
<unk> was not proposed to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called country Mountain <unk> .
I had already published many videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
This was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this `` <unk> '' tweet .
<unk> , such as Jimmy <unk> , presents us with new and interesting things and <unk> them into a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . You all want to get a week on a week , the weekend . <unk> , Friday . Come on on Friday . KA : Do n't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
As `` rainbow double , '' this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask for those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , he took it <unk> and lots of blogs started to write about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of creators embrace a point of view , and they share it with a wider audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts talking about it and doing things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
So only in the first seven days , there was a parody of every other day .
Unlike the 20th century entertainment difference , this community participation is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a repetitive animation for a chord .
That 's so , that 's all .
This year , you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours of three hours that 's been seen four million times .
So even cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats watching the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that sparked between the Internet 's Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody did an old version .
And then international .
All of a sudden , a whole community of remix emerged that made this happen to be a joke about something that we can all be part of .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` rainbow double '' or `` Hey Black '' or `` <unk> Cat ? ''
So , what script could you have written that you might have written this situation ?
In a world where you go up two days of video per minute , just the really unique and unexpected thing can be <unk> the way these things have done .
When a friend said to me that I had to see this great video of a guy who <unk> guests in New York City , I admit I did n't get too interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket for not circular , but there are often obstacles that keep you circular by <unk> .
KA : Thanks to the surprise of surprise and humor , Casey <unk> got that five million to see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new thing that we do in creative form .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , the creative makers of participation , the totally unexpected , are features of a new media , of a new culture , which we all have access to , and the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little masters of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , they 're just the current means , but they 're <unk> the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country .
Think of the communist in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
Words , for so much time friends , they were making it .
They 're focused on silence .
He died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother was never allowed to forget his story .
My job was not to let that be in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be learned that the story tried to be done .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn of dawn <unk> silently .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years when her father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life had been meant to a task alone : the escape of his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do that .
And after a <unk> <unk> , it challenges the fiction , a boat rushed to sea ship as a fishing ship .
All of the adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear was hackers , rape and death .
As most adults , my mother had a little bit of poison with poison .
If you catch it , we first would take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow will fall into each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were fooled by the bravery of men on our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to start for six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , finish the journey was too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , given by the men of the platform .
No apple has got the same flavor .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations to shape a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a <unk> cycle whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class of middle class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> of English English is traded among people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then in a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
And yet , I found time to study English and get a master 's degree in I.T . technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and you established an extra mentoring in English and math , it would n't matter what you should be removed , which was usually new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two base pairs for school , one to hide the holes on the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And there was <unk> and <unk> about the `` <unk> eyes '' and some graffiti : `` symmetries , go home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me will be <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> it . ''
My mother , my sister and I <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was taxed every night , but we told us about our day and listen to our grandmother 's movements at home .
My mother had nightmares , all of the ship .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would begin to be able to <unk> .
She opened a computer shop , and then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women came with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids who were trapped in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classical Asian student , relentless with what <unk> of myself .
In the other , I was very loud in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But a lot of people received help over the years .
And for that work , when I studied my last year of lawyer , I was elected the young Australian young year .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
As I was <unk> anonymously , I was now as well , refugee and social activist , invited to talk about places that I had never heard of , and in houses whose existence would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat the routines , and the happy of life in an <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters , ending the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each and running <unk> , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we got on the boat .
The `` not '' was never a choice .
`` Make it , '' he said , `` Do n't be what you 're not . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education and <unk> in the marginalized and the unprotected .
And the more frankly I talked about it , the more I was to talk about .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the boundary of the possible .
And even though I finished my bachelor 's degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career of lawyer .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived , new in the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that 's why being grateful for , maybe a gift of the boat .
Because being inside can easily mean the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is used , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that had n't been <unk> , they were tremendously tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and bravery .
So I followed my intuition .
They put together a small group of people for the ones that `` ca n't do it '' was a compelling challenge .
For a year we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , it was a giant <unk> pot that we all shared .
It 's going to be <unk> at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some bright ones , and we opened up .
I made the decision to move to the United States .
After a single trip .
My hunch again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I end up , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised .
At 17 became a <unk> whose mother would beat her .
No support of her husband , he caused an uproar to her , and he caused her cause , and a lot more <unk> caused when he won .
You ca n't have it proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the fourth hotel room when she died , 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked across the shower , and I saw her standing on the other side .
I knew I had come to let go say .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her casket .
We tell ourselves stories and we made sure that we were still with it .
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close her coffin .
My mother asked us to hold his hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you have taken your hand since the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life was formed , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have easily completed .
Now I want to have my own children , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could want that to do ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of the easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your life , a brave woman in every wave , the constant rate of the engine , the vast horizon that is n't guaranteed anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them safely , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother of this is today , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the Lower skies , with the singer Sufi <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation of how nothing has changed since the old Indian epic `` the Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car , and they 'll break the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time when <unk> , the great Indian warrior , he had thirst , he would pull a bow and he would get a <unk> on the ground , he would find water .
Now we do the same thing with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took out was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that was really <unk> .
Every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
I 'm going to show you this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't get my friends out .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic , she would n't kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his silver silver <unk> .
And this piece of technology was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , luxury clocks and cameras prevent <unk> .
They 're going to be inspired by our inspiration .
So I launched , I threw up this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , rather than kill her .
I used books since age 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling able to connect the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where are we .
We put the text together with the image , the animation , the sound and the touch .
The storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that serve us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
At a few moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live by GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner girl gets excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , it 's like that childhood magic , those ideas that are <unk> .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me .
So here , we have to shift the iPad to release fireflies .
And really , they light up your way into what 's subtraction in the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little bit of a little galaxy in a little galaxy .
So here , every book , and every single world is transformed into a little bit that I drag this magic device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every book of fantasy , there has been maps , but they 've been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you over the rest of the book .
At certain points of the book also reveals .
I 'm going to go in .
Another incredibly important aspect to me is to create Indian content and contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people outside India know their counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the Indra cameras for millennia , in an old <unk> and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary childhood history .
It 's in a story that 's present today , as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up , attached to their PCs , have not left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can get our children to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collecting images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had lots of collections -- sticks , rocks , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't .
So in order to recover this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in one chapter , I 'll take a picture of a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tagging .
So you create a digital array of photos that then can be put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox , and he says , `` Oh , I saw this a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey today . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taking .
Inside the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology is so many possibilities .
In the next book , we said to have an interaction where you 're coming out with the iPad and video on and by augmented reality , you see a group of adhesive that appear on the inner plants of the house .
At a time , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and you have to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the forces of nature <unk> with technology and magic and technology will come one another .
<unk> solar energy .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and child love , that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why a lot of <unk> projects fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was <unk> to a director of the listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little coffee cup , or you and asked patients , family and known patients , what happens ?
`` How can we help them ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that everyone , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , we stopped listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a doorknob and off .
Every morning I get on me .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect it , send my information to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that he needs to be treated or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's something else .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 Twitter followers .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale and before you go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's a peer pressure that 's used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be <unk> to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week , it 's going to be available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , bring them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients take a position , they come back and reclaim control and to be captains of their own ship , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the cost of the <unk> care , the doubling of demand and other issues .
They 're <unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like this , but also by crowdsourcing .
And one of the things that we did , I 'd like to share it with you with a video .
We all have to navigation in cars .
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones .
We know perfectly where the ATM machines are in <unk> .
Also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest closest to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
No one knew where the <unk> saves lives at this time .
So what we did was actually crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience that if you see a <unk> , please <unk> , <unk> where , and when it 's open , because it 's open , because it 's open , because it 's open , because it 's open .
And over 10,000 <unk> are already presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time they 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , they can use their iPhone , and the next weeks to use their cell phone from Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , what can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we wish it globally .
We 're getting around all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act like a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> worldwide .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us save these things .
It could be <unk> services or <unk> , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in its place .
Please help us help us in this and not only improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here for sharing 'my . ' photography .
Or is it <unk> .
Because of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take their cameras .
My interest in the photograph I woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my first passion for drawing , but it was a little bit different because by using the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger trigger .
To me , the photograph was more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start by pressing the trigger .
Like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism .
And when I say realism I mean .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can do it , but I always want you to have been captured in some way as a photograph .
So , since you have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capture an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them look real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
Did we take the light out ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about how to interpret the world , and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about a realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined , they can create something that still looks like three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know that it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process when we combine the photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture seem realistic , I think that they are where we do n't even think about -- the things that surround us in our everyday life .
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it , because otherwise something will look bad .
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , you can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of the photos must have the same perspective .
Secondly , the pictures combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images are stuck with these requirements ; they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
Here 's another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape , and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally composed of photographs of different places .
In my personal , I think it 's easier to create a place that will find it because you do n't need to put the ideas in danger that you have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought of this idea in winter , I knew that I had several months to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a rock pump .
And yes , I even made the house on the top of the island , so that it looks more broadly .
So to get a realistic result , I think it takes planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is really cool .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing you a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it in ...
It 's a big diagram I took from a folder .
I 'm not very interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is a analysis that we were doing about the power of marine microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , like a lot of other we tend to see , is a straight line on a logarithmic line .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves is something new .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn off the lights .
<unk> more intensity because writing about paper .
Why do we plot technological curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if you draw it into a normal curve where , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of technology that I wanted to chart , the diagram would look somewhat ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if you plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this happens , it gives a qualitative shift .
If the technology of transportation is <unk> as fast as the microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move to that rhythm .
There is unprecedented in the history of technological development of <unk> growth that every few years advance of magnitude .
The question I want to argue about is -- look at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not following forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
We 'll take one of two things .
Or it will be a typical curved curve like this until it comes up something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something will happen .
So , we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what used to be the world , a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and I wonder , is , what is that new way that embraces the world ?
What new state is going on ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're embedded in it .
I remember a child in the year 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something is happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it 's all so different that I 'm doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computing .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things .
The time scale that I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at each one billion years .
So , we go back a couple of 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that are pushing around it .
If we look at the way those chemicals organized us with a sense of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin with RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that point , it had to be floating with some droplets of oil with all kinds of chemical prescriptions inside it .
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them bring materials out of the outside the outside , and so the droplets grew up growing up and raised materials .
And they started to split .
In a sense , those were the most primitive forms of mobile forms -- those droplets of oil .
But those droplets were n't alive , in the current sense , because each one of them contained a random recipe for chemicals .
And every time they 've been divided by an unequal distribution of chemicals that held .
So every droplet was a little bit different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow become better at the time to bring the chemicals around them ; they grew more , <unk> more chemicals and split more .
Mostly they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , and chemistry , very simple chemistry , but things were really interesting to be interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways we do n't really understand these droplets , they learned how to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , we 're focusing on this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate .
The incredible thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved a half billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , are exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code .
Here 's a hundred <unk> white powder that I 'm trying to hide from the airport people .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we usually use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this fragment of DNA , and 10 to it at 22 times .
So if someone wants to have 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of them for everybody here , in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus , and I would have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
It made these cells happy another billion years .
But then , another big step happened in which things got very different , and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information to form form of cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and <unk> them to create their small DNA with other bacteria , and now there 's a lot of resistant to penicillin , because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place that they would form communities that , in a way , were together in that , and established a synergy .
So or failed , or failed together , whether a community was very successful , all of the individuals of that community were drawn more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities grew up so much , in fact , they came together and decided to write the whole recipe for the community together in a DNA chain .
The next stage , interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , many kinds of different kinds of cells working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't support the heart , or the muscle cell , or the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved , and they produced more interesting levels that cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These were starting to <unk> information .
And building very special structures that did not make more than process information in community .
They 're the neural structures .
The neurons that process information that these cell communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community as the responsible structure of record , understand and convey the information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , not in the period of evolutionary time .
So an organism could , for example , to learn how to eat some fruit because I knew it wrong and got sick the last time that ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism , because they had built these information processing structures that by evolution would have been learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit .
And so the fact that the nervous system built those information structures really accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time necessary to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the more graceful version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in my head .
I 'm sitting here emitting a few <unk> and hopefully , building a similar , fuzzy , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , in his head that keeps some analogy with me .
But we take a very complicated thing to make it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to perform abstractions .
Now we go through some kind of kind of kind of similar amount of organisms to multicellular organisms ; we have our control methods and record and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM , etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we 're now building to handle that information .
And that brings us together something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which there was some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the scales of time again .
The first stages of the story I had to tell you took a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next , the following language , took less than a million years .
And the next ones , like electronics , it looks like a few decades .
The process is fed in ; I guess it 's the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process feeds out .
But I make life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for them would not be possible without any recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor in that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the <unk> designers , we think of an abstraction level , we put it on the machine and the machine with that something that does n't have , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes it uses methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately , is evolution itself .
So we put in the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million instruction footage of random instructions ?
Could you run these random instructions , running all those programs , and take those of those programs that we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want order to make a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to order to order numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random and <unk> sequences , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better do the task ?
They put those and <unk> the rest .
And now I 'm going to tell you the best ones that I best sorted the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> , following an analog process to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , <unk> children , who <unk> <unk> , and that the children would determine the properties of both programs .
So we get a new generation of product programs that had a little more successful programs .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
Let 's go back .
So some mutations .
And it tries to try and get it back to another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze them to see how they work .
These are dark programs , strangers .
But they do .
In fact , I know , I have the security of getting the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depend on making it .
One time I was going on a 747 with tears , and he takes a card and says , `` Look at this .
It says , 'This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to offer a safe flight , does n't it make you feel quiet ?
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make process of good design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than that produces normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand all the choices there is .
In that sense , it 's in front of us .
Now we use these programs to make a lot faster and so we can be able to run these programs much faster .
I mean , it feeds out .
The thing is getting faster , and so I think it seems so confused .
Because all of these technologies get fed .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at a moment analogous to the single-celled organisms when they got multicellular multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the end product of evolution .
And I think we 're all part of the creation of whatever it comes .
But now comes lunch , and I think I 'll stop here before I get <unk> .
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I have long enough time to afford enough of my fake prestige in that .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're near the end , the World Series is coming .
We love baseball , right ?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because it 's called `` <unk> rules ; I talk about statistics and use it to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you know it .
It 's called average <unk> .
And we 're talking about 300 , a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means that <unk> bat , three of 10 times .
That means to throw the ball into the game without being stuck , and anyone who 's going to be throwing it into the first base , not coming in time , and the second base will be saved .
three attempts .
You know how they call a <unk> ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know how they call a little baseball ?
By the way , that 's somebody than 10 strokes , they hit four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last player in the Major League of the <unk> League of <unk> <unk> in a regular day .
Now I 'm doing this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and you 're derivatives to a surgeon who have also a record of 400 in <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a loved one , they have two clogged coronary coronary arteries and their family friends derived it to a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But do you know something ?
She 's actually improving this year .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'm going to ask you .
What do you think should be the average of hits from a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon or a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
A , well .
And the truth of the issue is that no one in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , from a doctor or a doctor or a doctor .
What we do , though , is to send me to the world , and myself included , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was looking at when I was in medical school .
I was an obsessional obsessional student .
Once , a fellow in high school , he said that Brian Goldman Sachs said to a blood test .
Such .
I put myself in my little <unk> , in the nurses ' home at General Hospital in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all memory .
From my anatomy of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle labor , the branching from every artery that comes out of the aorta , the common <unk> and not usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> kidney .
And as much more and more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was really good at me ; I graduated from honor .
And <unk> of medical school , with the impression that if you 're going to get it all , then would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because so I 'm going to get rid of mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady .
I was a resident at a college hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency service where I was working .
At the time I was assigned to the cardiology service .
And when I was applying to a cardiologist to go to a cardiologist .
And I will report to the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady , I was breathing .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , they fill out of blood , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on the treatment that would give him .
He gave aspirin and medication to ease the pressure in his heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she began to feel better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake , I sent her home .
I actually made two mistakes more mistakes .
I sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , and I did n't have what I should have done , which I was calling my boss , and I 'm going to get her to him for him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to give fresh information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who would take constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility that could take care of my patients not even contact with my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When I send it to his house , he did n't recognize a voice in my interior , and he said , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse who was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said <unk> , `` Yes , I think that 's okay . ''
I remember that as it was yesterday .
So he was signed up , and the ambulance next to the ambulance and they took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in your stomach .
But I went on with my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where I was my car to go home , and I did something that I do n't normally do .
I went home to the emergency room .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady <unk> before , but he said three .
Other specialists are also afraid , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see the <unk> patients .
The three words are : does it remember you ?
`` Does it remember the patient who sent her home ? ''
I asked the other poor nurse .
`` Well , she was back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I came back and on the edge of death .
Within an hour of having come home , after me , I gave him the high , suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance brought her to the emergency room with a 50 millimeter blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
I barely breathed and was blue .
The emergency staff will get all its resources .
They gave her medication to raise blood pressure .
And they put an artificial respirator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
It had a mixture of feelings , because the <unk> was in intensive care therapy , and I was hoping for every hope that would recover .
And in the two or three days of course , it was clear that I would never get wet .
He had an irreversible damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they were attached to what was going on .
And to the ninth day , they let her go . The lady <unk> , wife and mother and grandmother .
They say they 're never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I was fascinated by that , and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt just , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't get into your colleagues .
You make peace , and you never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
Shame shame that I 'm talking about is that it makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did is wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was a charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure that I would do things , and I made sure that I did n't get wet .
And I kept asking those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send her home ?
And in my worst moments , why did I made a silly mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little by the feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And on an cloudy day , the sky opened , and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I did a deal with myself in which if I was going to bring the efforts to be perfect to not make any more mistakes , I would stop those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , I was an assistant at the emergency department in a community hospital in northern Toronto , and I got a man of 25 years with a pain in his throat .
I was very busy .
And he says here .
I watched her throat , he was a little bit <unk> .
He sent him penicillin and sent him home .
But as he was heading at the door , he was still pointing out his throat .
Two days later , when I came to my guard guard , my boss asked me to talk to me in his office .
And he gave the three words : does it remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw a pain in your throat ?
He came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but from the upper airline , and that can cause the closing of those tracks .
He , fortunately , did n't die .
They managed to get antibiotics through it , and they recovered in the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then she stood up and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
Two times on the same turn of the emergency room , not <unk> appendicitis .
And it 's a lot of effort , especially working in a hospital , because we were going to get 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home , and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought that I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out to be normal . A colleague who was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read this liquid liquid order , and I asked my colleague to take it .
I looked at it , and when I notice some sensitivity in the lower corner , I called the surgeon .
Both were operated and recovered well .
But every single case , I devoured .
But I would like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant ones have been over the last five years .
Just , ashamed and no support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't come back and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach them this so that they did not make the same mistakes ?
If I would go into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talk about your own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , believe me that I 'd have a hard time looking at the eyes .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who ca n't sleep , and the ones that have bad results and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as antibodies that start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you take a step of medicine to people who make mistakes , you will get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a bad medical study and mistakes doctors to learn as possible , from the first article that I wrote for the Toronto , `` White <unk> , Black Art , Black Art , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where errors are happening every day , where one of 10 drugs are <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where <unk> infections are increasingly and more broadly causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 people die for preventable medical mistakes .
The U.S. Medical Institute set 100,000 .
In both of those cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not aware of the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where the knowledge is added every two or three years , and we do n't get distracted .
Human deprivation deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , he 's coming in containers with <unk> eyes and with breath of alcohol , and suddenly , my story was <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things as usual .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't get their symptoms always in the same way .
All of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professional professionals prone to error , well , no one left .
And how do people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program , `` <unk> white art , '' it 's already a custom saying , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would say to everybody from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? ''
And their students got out , <unk> , down to the head and <unk> saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
You can say , `` Look , they did n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a medical health culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The Scientific doctor is human , they know human , he accepts it , and it 's not proud of their mistakes , but he strives for learning from what 's happened to teach others .
They share their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Let 's make mistakes of other people not intended to get them , but in a loving way and support for all the benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes occasionally .
My name is Brian Bush .
I 'm a wise doctor .
I 'm a human , make mistakes .
And I 'm very sorry , but I 'm so sorry , but I 'm going to get effort to learn something that can transmit others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how much decisions you do ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
I recently made a survey over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says to pick up an American American , is about 70 a day .
It does n't do a lot , in a research on a research on a group of CEOs .
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were brought together for these executives and the time that they were able to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every job included many <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about their choices .
Do you know how many of you are in the <unk> category , and how many of an hour ?
How do you look at the way that those decisions address ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choosing to the options overload .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand just if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when I ask a question , if your answer is positive please take a pat .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice overload ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high supermarket -- at least at least at the time was very sophisticated .
It 's called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There was 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables , and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when we took water from the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but I asked myself , why never bought anything ?
This is the shelf of olive oil .
They had more than 75 different classes , including those who were in sealed box that came from the millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Does this strategy work well to offer all these options ? ''
He pointed out with the buses of tourists that came every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
It 's a hallway .
They had a different classes .
I 'm going to get a post to <unk> , right to the grocery store .
We put it from six flavors , or from 24 flavors different , and we looked at two things : First , what do people are willing to stop trying to test them ?
More people stopped when there was 24 -- 60 percent , when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy on a jelly mug .
So here we find the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy .
Of those who stood in , when there were six , we saw that 30 percent bought .
If we do the calculations , people were six times more likely to buy if they found six , that if they found 24 .
Well , deciding that we do n't buy jelly , we probably want it to be <unk> -- it 's a good thing to keep the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of choice overload are affecting us in making very momentous decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though this is not adequate .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we observe the decisions about savings for about a million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in looking at whether the number of funds funds are available in retirement savings plans , the 401 program , <unk> people to save the future .
And we found that really , there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that were going from two to 59 different options .
We found that the bigger the number of funding was given , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans they offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as they want .
And in the plans you offer about 60 funds , the rate of participation came down to the 50th percentile 60 .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there are more options , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the bigger the number of options , the more people will be able to avoid stocks or investment funds .
In the more options , they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts .
But none of these very extreme decisions are the ones that we were trying to optimize to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is to make the decision , which is still when it goes against self-interest .
It 's more likely to take the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things less rewarding , even though they ever get better .
The main reason is that you 're looking at that giant variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choice from that amazing exhibition .
Today I want to propose to you with four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one form or another , in different research , so that you can rehearse in your business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it has never been more true than today , less than today .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually , what we 're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut , get rid of strange redundant choices , there will be an increase in sales ; it will increase the costs , there will be better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble is about 26 different types of Head & Gamble <unk> 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Gate eliminated the products of the <unk> of cats that were less sold , the profits grew up in 87 percent , for two causes : bigger sales and less cost .
It 's known as today 's supermarkets , there 's 45,000 products .
In a tent , Walmart is offering 100,000 products .
But the ninth store in the world today is <unk> , and there 's only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the options , is David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the Harvard employees are still automatically about a insurance fund .
The people who really want to choose , they give them 20 , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is I ask employees , `` Tell me the differences there are between those options .
And if their employees ca n't tell the difference , they ca n't make their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience on a holiday with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read , and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the supply of Gary .
( <unk> applause ) Well , anybody who is ready to accept supply .
Are n't they more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really heard more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information in the first round , than in the second one , but I can tell you that the second time was the second time .
Because the pictures made it look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice overload , which is <unk> .
So people understand differences between options , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and that the consequences must feel very , very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 percent to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit .
Because it does n't look like real money .
It turns out that it looked more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> who were working on <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were attached to a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we 'll save exactly as used to be used , we made a little addition .
What we added was that we approached the staff you would think of the positive things that we 're going to have in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in the affiliations of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a hallway that 's in a hallway .
We saw that in supermarkets , <unk> 's throughout the northeast trader , the exhibition of magazines can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell you .
These are two displays of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other one , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , take a pat .
( Few applause ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , take a pat .
Well , something else .
It turns out that it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This classification scheme is totally useless .
The categories should point something to you who choose , not that defines .
You often see this problem with those huge funds .
Who are meant to who are reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think about , if we just simplified it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow you completely completely .
You 've got to take 60 decisions to assemble the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that each of them offers .
Color , color outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
engine , a box of changes , four choices .
What I 'm going to do is to vary the order of the decisions .
So half of the customers are going to go from lots of choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How much of you are .
If you 're always going to get the default on every decision , this indicates that you 're overwhelmed , or you 're losing it .
We found that they 're going from a lot of options , put the button by default over and over again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few options , you 're going to go on there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order where information is presented .
If we start with the easy thing , you learn to choose .
Even though the choice of changes do n't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration , in all ways it takes us to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged with the process .
So , to sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the options ' options : <unk> , eliminating strange choices -- <unk> , <unk> , we can handle more categories with less options ; we can build complexity .
All these techniques that I 've presented to you were designed to help handle the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in your business , or for people who serve them .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful about choosing .
And the more careful we are in our best choices , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist Germany , communist by communist , if you had a typewriter had <unk> to the government .
We had to register a text page that was written with the machine .
And this so that the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they found a writing with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that somebody could do this , so much as this <unk> freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturing printer and print a page , that page will end up with a little yellow print on every page that follows a pattern that makes you own one and your printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody seems to do a lot about this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems on the network .
If we see what happens in the online world , we can put together the attacks of their attackers .
There are three main groups .
They 're the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Four <unk> from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
The target of cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are actually a lot of instances of millionaires , <unk> , <unk> money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , of <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> , etc. , etc .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means using banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we bought online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought on a infected computer .
The U.S. secret service two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this gentleman 's account , Sam Jain account , and this account had <unk> million dollars when he was frozen .
Mr. Jain takes place ; they do n't know his stop .
And I say that today is more likely that any of us is a victim of a crime in a crime .
And it 's very obvious that this goes wrong .
In the future , most of the crimes will happen online .
The second group of attackers in importance we 're looking at today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that drives them , they motivate them to protests , they motivate them to opinions , they motivate the laughter .
<unk> like Anonymous have been <unk> in the last 12 months on a role in the online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : criminals who make it for money , <unk> like Anonymous that do that to protest and the last group are the United States of governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is a <unk> authority of the Netherlands or , actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall , because of a <unk> .
They make safety of the site and take out of <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders to be able to get death from people to cause the attack to <unk> .
And the answer of it was yes .
So how do people die from an attack from these ?
<unk> is a <unk> authority .
<unk> certificates .
What does the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except that we would have a foreign authority authority .
And that was made out of <unk> certificates .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that happened .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters were based on the headquarters for the Egyptian secret police in April of 2011 , and during the plunder of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept a large <unk> of the communications in the country .
They had sold this tool for 30,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools for tools to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
It 's <unk> the Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication and listen to online arguments , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these , the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play privacy .
Privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today , it will be forever .
blindly blindly in any future government , in a administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that should be worried about in the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the south of National Park in Nairobi .
These are the cows of my dad , at the bottom , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi Park .
The National Park has no fences in Nairobi , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate out of the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
<unk> our livestock .
This is one of the who killed at night , and so soon we raised in the morning , and we found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only driver we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up to hate lions .
They died , they were dying to protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think this is a few in Nairobi National Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine , is responsible for the livestock of his father , and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were scared .
But I realized that actually it did n't help , because it even helped lions see the pen from far away .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick lions to believed that they believed that I was near the barn .
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day , and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and they said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So he jumped and killed animals . ''
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day , the lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch to the turn of the lights off .
And this is a little lamp from a broken flashlight .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery , and the battery would reduce electricity to the little <unk> box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the <unk> lights .
As you can see , they give them out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is how lions see when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think that I 'm walking over the barn , but I 'm sleeping on my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never went back to the lions .
And in the neighborhood , you heard the idea .
One of them is this grandmother .
She had had killed many animals , and I asked her if he could put the lights out .
I said yes .
I put them out . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I set them into seven houses in my community and they are serving a lot .
And my idea also is used now for all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and also being used to scare elephants from farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship on one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funds and <unk> .
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I show them how to put it .
So , a year ago , it was just a child in the meadow of the savanna , the cows of my father , and I used to see planes flying , and he said that one day would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come on on an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be an engineer and a pilot when I grow up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't think what exciting is to listen to a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yeah .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electric fence . CA : One fence ?
<unk> : I know that the electric fences were already invented , but I want to do mine .
CA : You 've got it once , right ? And you ... <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : The foot of the canyon . Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
We 're going to take it on every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we would come out all the time studying the history of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world , except America , South Korea , Japan are your enemies .
Even though I was wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea , until everything changed .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I was never hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
What I said , `` When I 'm going to look at this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the two past weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're ready to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
At a short time , when I walked in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase from my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a kid in his arms looking at her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine ripped off North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , more than a million North Koreans died in famine , and only a few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also got more and more prevalent the energy geeks , all around me was completely completely dark at night except for the sea lights in China , barely crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and us not .
This is a picture of North Korea in the night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is boundary between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North Koreans to live in secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never imagine that I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea how life would be like refugee refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , it 's also dangerous , because refugee refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became reality , when I was arrested by the Chinese police , and I was arrested in the police station .
Somebody had accused me to be <unk> , then I 'm doing my skills in the Chinese language , and they asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , an officer said to another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy .
But many of them can be arrested for Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had caught them , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
These Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are captured in China and <unk> North Korea , where they 're tortured , whether they 're tortured or executed or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have not been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , everyone can be able to get it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hide my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much larger challenge of what I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but within , we 've become very different because of 67 years of division .
It even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call with pride .
Even though we were going to go to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the income exam to college .
Just when I was starting to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korean authorities would have some money that sent my family , and as punishment , my family was going to become shifted to the force on a distant location outside .
They had to run away immediately .
So I began to plan out how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border of North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and walked to the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow for over 3,000 kilometers across China and then through Southeast Asia .
The <unk> trip took a week , and we were almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer .
He asked the identification of all . And he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , I impulse , I stood up and told him that they were something that was accompanying .
He looked at me , but fortunately he believed me .
We did all the way down to the boundary of Estonia .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Estonia .
But even after the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Estonia .
This was one of the lowest dots in my life .
I did everything to liberate my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison at short distance from the embassy South Korea embassy .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to release my family .
But it did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that point , or a man 's voice , `` What is the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I explained to him the situation , and without doubt , the man went to the ATM , and gave me the rest of the money for my family and to take the rest of the prison .
I thank you with my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the village <unk> . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of unknown , a new hope for me and for the <unk> people when we needed it .
And I showed me that the kindness of the strangers and the support of the international community are really the clues that the <unk> village need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I got together in South Korea .
But achieving their freedom is only half of the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go to a new country , they start with a little bit of money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practical language practice , work practice , more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because a lot of us keep in contact with family still inside , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans a chance to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans around the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in the South Center .
This is the South <unk> : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the city planners came together and thought , we 're going to change the name of the South <unk> to represent something else , so they switched to South Los Angeles , as if this <unk> what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is South Angeles , <unk> , fast food , <unk> terrain .
Just like <unk> millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center , home to the food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the places of food to get killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying from illness in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I emphasize it .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you go out of your house see the damaging effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see chairs on the wheels and sold as cars used .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , was we plant a food forest in front of my house .
In a sliver of land we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 feet three .
The point is , which belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what to come to me for wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green , L.A. Green , we put together , and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we do , we 're a kind of paid people in advance by gardeners of all the backgrounds , all of the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , was beautiful .
Then somebody complained .
The city got me on top of me , and in short , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made by court .
And I was like , `` Come on , right ?
A warrant without planting food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So , I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had a story written by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> <unk> , who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 firms , we were successful .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that he and loved what we were doing .
I mean , go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> terrain .
It 's <unk> <unk> .
That 's like 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why the hell do n't you think about this ?
<unk> a plant will give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
<unk> your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central .
I grew up there . I 'm going to get my kids out there .
I 'm going to focus on being part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
The gardening is my graffiti , I grow my art .
As a graffiti artist , that <unk> walls , I would drop soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the land can do , if you leave your canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing it is sunflower , and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education , transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic act and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get a strawberries .
I remember one occasion , which came a mother and her daughter , were like the 10:30 p.m. night and they were in my garden , salt and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger , and this only reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , no temes that people go to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` For God , I 'm not afraid to go to steal . ''
It 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to get your health . ''
There was another time when I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in downtown Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they gave me their stories about how this had been affected and how they used to plant with his mom and her grandmother , and it was great to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So Green Green has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come in , work and participate , all in a volunteer plan .
If kids grow <unk> , kids eat <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , you eat tomatoes , but if nothing of this is taught , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind , and your body , you eat blind people to put them in front .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're stuck in . I see boys who are in this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
In gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are engaged in their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we 'll never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food in the same block .
I want to take a container and turn them into healthier cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out , pull the guys out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want you all to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
What do you want them to take their backhoe right ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and having meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about doing some crap .
If you want to see me , you come into the garden with your backhoe so we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
It 's probably all of you will agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and the asphalt is a good thing to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , in which it rains a lot .
You can have a huge amount of water in asphalt than this .
And especially if you go on your bicycle and these cars go , that 's not really nice .
Also , the asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we 'd want a quiet road .
The solution for that is to make roads from asphalt asphalt .
<unk> asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands , has pores , and the water can go through it , so that all of the rain water flows sideways , and you 're going to have a road that is easy to drive , and you do n't buy water never more .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very gap , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is it going to get out ? You see that on this road , the stones on the surface are coming out .
First stone , then many more and more and more and so forth , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can harm your windshield , and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also take more and more damage .
Sometimes they can create bump into that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , can become a problem , but we have a solution .
So here you can actually see how the damage occurs in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , to the ultraviolet light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if it was <unk> , they 'll be bent out of <unk> .
So , if you drive down the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think of <unk> materials .
If we can make this material <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is to use steel wool from that to clean up , and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , that you use to cook -- a induction machine .
<unk> can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you have to do is that you have to heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow from these <unk> and the stones are <unk> back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , and I 'm going to take you to see what happened .
This is the show coming out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government , actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So we gave us a piece of road , 400 meters on the <unk> freeway , where we had to make a lane test to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We took lots of samples from this road and test them in the lab .
We did the age of samples , we put a lot of charges in them , the fears then with our induction ' machine and the records and we went back to prove .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers together , using gas energy to actually increase life on the surface of the road , even if you can double the surface of the road , you 're actually saving a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious about whether this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show how the repair acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to BBC News on his little gray radio .
I had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban were ! '' `` I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now , you can go to a real school , '' he told me .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban went out of Afghanistan and made it illegal for girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I would get myself as a child to join my older sister , who could no longer be outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could both educate .
Every day , we made a different route that nobody could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide books on market bags so that it looks like they were shopping .
The school was in a house , more than 100 of us really crowded in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we would promote our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Every time , the school suddenly closed for a week , because the previous Taliban .
We always wondered what to know about them .
Are they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and daughters .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province of Afghanistan , <unk> that her daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father would get him .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to turn our house into school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of all his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their children had to get education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk in not to educate her children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember I had moments where I was very frustrated with our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , which is here , and if you have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do you still want to not continue ? ''
Today I 'm 22 years old now .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so engaged with my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I came back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was <unk> from her home for bravery to her daughters , was one of the first to honor me .
He did n't just get away from my college degree , but I also was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who drove him through the streets of Kabul .
My family believed in me .
I dream big , but my family has even bigger dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country that is still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to tap into the opportunity .
And I see her parents and their families that , like mine , <unk> for them , despite the face of a daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went from the way from <unk> to her village , and literally , they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to your house , it 's the phone , a voice had heard that if I was still sending his daughter to school , I would try it .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` but not harm the future of my daughter by old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized in Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind the most people we <unk> , there 's a father who recognized his daughter 's value , and he sees that success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school count in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
I 'm afraid these changes do n't last long , after the retirement United States .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I see the students in my school and their parents who are going to be fought for them , that animate them , I see a future <unk> and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities , and every day , the <unk> girls are reminded me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten my grandmother 's words that died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . Get against him .
But you never go back a revolutionary style you 'd never come back . ''
It 's almost two years since the <unk> revolution was taken by the wind of <unk> <unk> both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young young men were at the edge , pushing each of the regime , they 're carrying banners , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a six months of brutal war and some losses from about 50,000 dead people , we managed to liberate our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy charge , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and <unk> .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've loved , along with many other women , rebuild the civil society <unk> , pushing a <unk> and right transition to democracy and the national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> over , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi -- almost 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm , I began to organize workshops about developing capabilities and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we started the Rwandan Women of Women <unk> by Peace , a movement of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of the woman and the peace of the woman and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period , an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> of selfish politics of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was established and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years .
However , gradually , the exhilaration of elections and the revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found news from violence .
We woke up with the news of the <unk> of mosques , old mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day , with the news of the American ambassador murder , and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the army of the army of the army .
And every day , every day we wake up with the militia of militia and their Norwegian rights violations of prisoners and their lack of respect of law .
Our society , formed by a revolutionary mindset , is more likely to get away from the ideals and the principles of freedom and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at first .
intolerance , exclusion , and vengeance became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here at all today to inspire you with our story of `` <unk> list '' and the election .
I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we chose bad , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections did n't brought peace , stability and security to Libya .
<unk> and candidate candidate candidates brought peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society with polarized and dominated political policies of domination and exclusion , both for men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but women 's values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more than the election that we needed for the election , which is only polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitative depiction of the female of women to need the numerical representation of it .
We need to stop acting as outrage agents and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , not only <unk> , but it 's also investing mercy instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion instead of exclusion .
These are the ideals that one Libya , mangled by war , desperately desperately in order to achieve peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that is about <unk> and <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to figure out that in an existential way before we do it <unk> .
According to a <unk> <unk> Koran -- the peace -- it 's the word of God 's word , [ <unk> , compassionate .
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus -- <unk> women and motherly , which spans all of the humanity that men and women , of which all tribes and all the towns have <unk> .
And so , like the uterus completely covers the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion -- it 's all existence .
So it 's like , `` My mercy takes all things . ''
That 's how she says , `` My mercy is prevalent about my anger . ''
That 's all of the stuff of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that everybody 's left ?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who sticks ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor at the <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , I had my first green <unk> green <unk> , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who creates my twin soul , was going down to his head with a gun , <unk> bullets from <unk> .
The man who loved anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , form of love , where they fall every year millions of women , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for Paul & Fortune 500 & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been about 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> and I drive a <unk> <unk> .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone , all races , all religions , all income levels , all income levels .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
Over 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and the domestic abuse just happens in intimate relationships , interdependent and <unk> , or , otherwise , in the families , the last place where we would want or we would expect to find violence . For which , the domestic abuse is so <unk> .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who sticks with a man who sticks to him , and in fact , I was a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between 16 and 24 years old , they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for couples , boyfriends and abusive men in the United States .
I also was a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold , November night of January .
I was sitting on my side in the subway in New York City , and it started to <unk> me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had just gotten away from an undergraduate college university and working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed like a field of the field .
I had some big <unk> and apples , and a wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate .
He did it especially at the beginning of <unk> on a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything of me : that it was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , that I would put passion to help teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as no one had ever done .
And it was why the bachelor 's degree in that Big school and the job on Wall Street and its brilliant future had so much relevance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced into the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I 'm going from New York to leave the work of my dreams , but I thought I had to do a sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a crazy love `` crazy love , '' which was entering your head in a physical , financial , and psychological bear carefully .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to it .
And here 's where these guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that place where I was supposed to have to feel so secure , I bought three guns .
One had in the <unk> of the car .
Another kept it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns to cause the trauma that he lived on small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But these guns were actually a message for me and , even though I had never raised my hand , my life was already in danger , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack was five days before our wedding .
They were at seven o'clock in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put myself my mother dress and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily forever , because I loved it , and he also wanted me so much .
And I was very , very somber .
There was just a very much sense of very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I would never make it hurt .
I spent twice as much as our honey moon .
The first time I was driving into a secret beach , and I lost myself , and he gave me so hard in the head that I 'd put several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back on our honey moon , <unk> by traffic and threw a Big Mac in the face .
<unk> kept going on one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was shocked when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control reports that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
So back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know that he was picking up .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world that could help us face their devils .
The other question everybody does is , why is it just not going ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone at any time .
To me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to leave a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has put to end , after getting out , because then the <unk> has no longer to lose .
Other implications include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has come back to get married , financial resources from financial resources , and manipulation of the family justice system to get into the victim and their children , who are normally forced by judges to spend time with not the man that they would promote their mother .
And yet we keep wondering why is it just not going ?
I was able to go , because of one last <unk> beating my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if he had allowed it .
So I broke the silence .
I told everyone to the world , the police , to my neighbors , to my family and family , to full strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you .
We have the tendency to bring it to the victims , like scary headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's one way to say `` guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the victims are still <unk> in love men who want to destroy them .
But since I published `` Fortune love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson from what happened to them and to bring their lives joyful and happy lives like themselves , wives and mothers , lives completely free of violence .
Because it turns out I 'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic survivor .
I came back and married with a tender man , and we have those three children .
I have that <unk> , and also that <unk> .
What I wo n't get back to never , ever , is a gun charged my head in the hands of someone who says she wants to .
At this point , they 're just thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what silly was , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being abused , or they were a little bit of small or <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting his daughter , her sister , her best friend right now .
I was able to end up to my crazy love , broken silence .
And I 'm still doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> thrive just in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
The victims we need all over the world .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light talking about it with your children , your coworkers , your friends and family .
They put their view of survivors as great people and lovely people , who have a full future .
<unk> the early signs of violence to test consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe output .
Together , we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe oasis and peaceful to should be .
Thank you .
Hello . I call Russell Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel like this moment there is an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dressed in this room , luckily , I 've brought clothes to change .
This is the first exchange of clothes on a TED stage , so you have a lot of kind of <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come up , they do n't have to get it now , but I 'll figure out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what 's thinking about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I do n't have to use it .
The worst part is to go through this sweater by the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so I do n't do anything as long as you cover your head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer would tell me that I would get my back and get my hair into the boy .
Of course , except with surgery or a artificial <unk> , like the one that I did two days ago for work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , even as shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , for me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my workforce , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but very honest .
The first question is , how do you get to model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , '' but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the <unk> of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what is this inheritance .
Well , in the last centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high , <unk> shape , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that is my heritage , which I 've known to take to make money .
And I know there are people in the audience who are now shown to be skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> of the fashion they say -- Wait . There are Naomi <unk> , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wen .
First of all , it 's going to take them for so much models . It 's amazing .
But sadly , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at NYU , I told all of the design models in the runway , and from the <unk> models of hired , only 27 , is to say , less than four percent , they were not white .
The next question that people are always doing is , could it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know that .
But then , what I really would tell you to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon and a poet <unk> , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of writing of the American journal magazine or the CEO of H & M director , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that you want to be a model that you want to say you want to win the lottery when you 're bigger .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a work that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model , because unlike <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've already done your studies , and you have a rsum and a few jobs on your backs , no matter what you say , you say , if you said that you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would look at you inside 10 years , people would look weird for 10 years .
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the photos were <unk> .
And yes , you 're pretty much <unk> all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal ground , but it was a little girl .
So I looked along with my grandmother a few months before .
These two photos are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I 'm at a pajama party a few days before the French French <unk> .
Here I 'm with my football team and in the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not in those photos .
They 're from a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all their <unk> and <unk> and <unk> people , and they get this out . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people are always doing is : Do we have free things ?
I 've got too much of a <unk> heels and I never use , except the last couple , but the privileges I get that I get in real life , and that we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and I got the dress for free .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver ; he jumped a red light and , of course , we stood up , and it took a sorry , an agent that could keep driving .
I love these privilege for me , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for how no matter who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the teenagers who were left and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only young black men and Latino men in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of me ?
But how many times do I go ? And when ?
As I investigate this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of the United States girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure goes down to 78 percent .
So the last question that people do is : How is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer that you 're expecting is : If you 're a little thinner and you have the brightest hair , you 'll feel very happy and great .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative and creative people .
And all of that is true , but it 's just one part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , which I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I am because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you ever ask , with some thinner legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
They only have to come together with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the more bright clothes , but they 're probably the most insecure women on the planet .
But especially it was hard to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to retain this talk , I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image that we have from success and failure .
Thank you .
The photograph has been my passion since I was very much enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 pictures more precious , and I did n't get them who took them .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to replicate the photos , not even a minimum light bulb .
In fact , most people took random random tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday , and that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He made the chance that we went back to New York just one year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When I was approaching the third birthday of my daughter , my wife said to me , why do n't you take you to go back to New York at a <unk> trip and you stick the ritual ?
So here 's when we started asking for tourists that were going to get out of the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied , and fortunately , no one has ever dealt with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much would we change this journey .
It became something holy for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter who had happened that day , that day , I could understand it .
These pictures are a lot more than representations of concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time in a week of October , and we will think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only in the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always take the same picture , our daughter changes , my daughter reaches new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how they perceive it and interact with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all the year .
Recently , at one of the trips , we were walking around , when suddenly , it was stopped in my tracks and pointed out a red <unk> of the tent that I loved as small in previous visits .
And it described to me that there was meaning at five years in that same place .
<unk> that reminded his heart , they would be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look in in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of actively engaging in conscious creation .
I do n't know about you , but besides these 15 photos , I do n't go out in many of the family pictures .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and I do n't want to go back to somebody and ask someone , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The rabbits are in the most threatened group of birds .
First of all , why do you have such a bad press ?
It 's also been associated with Disney laughter as a <unk> , silly characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , the laughter , applause , applause , these are the attributes that associated with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't hold the environment . <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamously . They 're far away from extinct . And , my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two kinds of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits in the New World who are mainly found in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the rabbits of the Old World , where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction .
So why are the rabbits important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
They 're our GDP of natural trash .
<unk> the dead bodies up to the bone .
They help kill all bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that of not being would spread and would cause great losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent surveys have shown that in areas where there 's no rabbits , the carcasses take three to four times the time to be broken , and this has huge branches in the spread of disease .
The rabbits also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of protective and maternity and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Alto and lower Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the devil <unk> .
In <unk> culture , they 're doing some very important quality burials , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a natural elimination system .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are at endangered extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , the rabbits are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are in the critical critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , they 're <unk> , and the reason is because they fall prey from the cattle that has been treated with a drug <unk> like <unk> .
This drug has been banned from veterinarian in India , and they 've taken a position .
Because there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street in landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge amount of time bomb , the number of cases of anger has increased greatly in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because wind turbines do this to birds ; they cut them down in half .
They 're <unk> .
In West Africa , there 's a horrible trade from rabbits dead to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so to focus on a local problem is not going to do anything .
We have to work with governments at the regional level .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide .
How can you help ? It can become assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures . <unk> the word .
When you go out of this room , I will tell you about rabbits , but talk to your families , with your children , with your neighbors about the rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he really changed because he saw them fly without effort , no energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do professionally and everything that I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded for seven years of work in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , I was young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia in projects of technical countries with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project we set up in Africa failed .
And he was disturbed .
I thought , at the age of 21 , that Italians were good people , and we were doing good work in Africa .
Rather than that , everything we were played with .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where I wanted to teach people from Zambia to growing food .
So , we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the <unk> River , and we teach local people to grow Italian tomatoes and praying .
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so they 're going to get them to come to work , and sometimes they do n't . We were feeling that the local ones , in such a fertile valley , had no agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't have anything else , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` Right now to save people from Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato loaf would grow this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were beautiful , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate it all , and we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yeah , so we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You 're never asking . ''
I thought we only do Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what Americans did , what the British did , what the British did , and after seeing what they were doing , I was quite proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed <unk> .
You can see the waste -- you 'll see the waste that you gave them to <unk> people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , read `` Evidence '' of <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , countries , Western donors , we 've delivered the continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about harm than that money has caused .
You just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
The Westerners are imperialists , a <unk> Mormon , and we treat people only in two ways : or we 're treating them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I 'm dealing with anybody in a different culture as if they were my kids , `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I try all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face , `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said , `` Can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not going to be <unk> ? ''
I decided at 27 years , just answering people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never starts anything , you ever start anything , but it becomes a servant of local passion , the servant of the local people who have sleep to become a better person .
So what do you do ? They 're <unk> .
It never comes to a community with an idea , and it sits with the people in the world .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We sat together in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , for once , but not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never show up , and they 'll never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , which they have identified .
So planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know it , because they do n't know it .
What do we do ? We work one one , and we work on face , you have to create social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You have to create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the family member of the business , which is established with you in your house , on your kitchen table , in coffee , and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this patronizing garbage where we got to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
I fell down and I heard them . '' So -- then the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We have helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest corporate advisors of the story , died at '96 a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative enterprise . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the entrepreneurial spirit .
So now we proved it now to rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to conversation with you .
You have to give them a lot of them , privacy , has to be fantastic to help them , and then <unk> , come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What 's you presentation here . Have you show you more this morning ?
Local people . That 's what you have <unk> .
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution , not renewables , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of sustaining machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider is how do we deal , we cure ourselves , we educate , we transport it , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution ? universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They 're the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that I read in a magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the <unk> year .
And in the tech year , this group of people got together , and I 'm going to talk about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and they talked , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move the population from New York to the surroundings , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in dung , so they were <unk> , they were <unk> this dirty technology that <unk> the lives of New York .
So , what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States <unk> <unk> companies , <unk> .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed , and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to give them a lot of them .
Otherwise , they wo n't come to talk to you .
Then you have to offer you an absolute , dedicated service .
And , later , you 'll have to tell you the truth about how to start .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product you want to sell , you have to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a great financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've investigated and looked at the 100 icons in the Carnegie world , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , only one : None of it was started by one person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` us , '' 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins a company alone . Nobody .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee shops , in bars along with their nonprofits who will do for you , what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epic .
What can you do ? Can you do that ?
OK , can you sell ? Can you search for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I want you to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those surround us can help us many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years , I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like : how much pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we afford to borrow more things without calling the door in a bad moment ?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape ?
How do we share our hopes for stores to cows so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love from New Orleans .
My soul always finds a relief with the giant dishes that give shadow to lovers , drunk and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
There is a parade in New Orleans , there 's a parade in New Orleans ; the city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one of the most <unk> properties of America .
I live close to this house , and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also on something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And it made me deep gratitude for time in time .
It gave him clarity to the significant things of my current life .
But I 'll be able to keep this look in my everyday life .
I think it 's easy to be easy to get on the day to day and forget the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this giant board on a giant board , and he painted about her , phrases I want to be ...
So , sneakerheads could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled and kept on .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die I want to be judged for piracy , '' `` Before I die I want to sit at the line of date . ''
`` Before I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live out of the Web . ''
`` Before I die , I want to get more and more . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to someone 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space has become constructive , and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh , <unk> , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that one is not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about transforming the reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year and I started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've made walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
Together we showed the power of our public spaces if we give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of <unk> <unk> , it 's more important than ever , to find the ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even think , but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that we become more empowered .
You think about death <unk> our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope , fears and stories , the people around us ca n't only help improve , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 years old , it 's high and very handsome .
It does n't speak , but it 's going to convey joy that some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
But share is what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at color color .
It does n't care about the religious differences and notice this : I 've never lied .
When they sing our childhood songs , trying to explain to the words that I could n't even remind myself , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but it reminds me of the year where each of the songs came out of my iPod , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , get pee in my arm during the first episode of the Lady Gaga birthday .
Do n't it look like incredible ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what it propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though you would n't consider them within the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism '' is a complex brain disorder that affects social media , learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual it stands in different ways , from there that would be so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , we 're diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the disorders of development that faster faster in the world is no cause , no known cause .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without it .
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new being in my life .
When I spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It was very much .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
She was living in his own world , and it was in his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in line around the room , stares around the washing machine and eat anything I 'd had in between .
As it was growing , it becomes more different , and the differences became more obvious .
But beyond <unk> , frustration and hyperactivity hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure nature and innocent nature , a child who looked at the world without prejudice , a human being that I had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family , moments when I wish I would be just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they would n't want to change by normal .
<unk> happens to high the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that anybody is wrong .
It only means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing to get one thing to <unk> and Sam and to you , you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because autistic , no , the differences that we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift inside of them , and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time where we 're trying to be like others .
Please -- do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what must have been Alice in the past of the Wonders .
Penn State told me , a communications teacher , to give a kind of communication to engineering students .
She was scared . <unk> really . <unk> from these students with their great minds , their big books and their great unknown and unknown words .
But when those conversations were developed , I felt what Alice must have felt when he fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just as I felt when I had those conversations with the students , I was surprised , the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication .
We need desperately a huge communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to the environment and care of health , among others , and if we do n't know about that , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is sexy .
First question to <unk> : and then what ?
Tell us why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us simply to study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing your science , look at the jargon .
<unk> is a barrier to our understanding of ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary space , '' but why not say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> <unk> is not the same as making fun .
Instead , as Einstein said , everything as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas .
One of the things to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're working with their content .
And when I 'll introduce your job , forget the sign of `` bullet . ''
You 've been wondering why are they called bullets ? What do bullets do ? bullets kill them , and they 'll kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but that supports too much in the language of language of our brain and overwhelmed .
Instead , this <unk> of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple phrase , legible , that the public can understand whether it 's lost a little bit , and then provide graphs that we 're providing to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think these are just some key keys to help people open the door and look at the country of the wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when they solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds pretty well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Although there was a singing editor of the 19th century who defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that he 's looking for a public office , no matter whether , platform or principle , and that , when he wins , he gets it by mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the foundation in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were on the parliamentary camera .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the freaky name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
They put her in the Tower of London and was incarcerated , but he had the courage to face them , and at the end he had such a popular support in London that won .
And only a few years later , we had the first recorded use of the phrase `` so <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an advocate of freedom of speech .
But to show you how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , right after independence .
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that they could have been presented with .
Some of them wanted to call him the State of State , and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and another <unk> from the U.S. People 's <unk> . ''
Not very appealing .
Some of them just wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was the quality of quality .
And it was n't even <unk> , they had the idea that you could be chosen King for a certain term .
And there could be served .
All the world got immensely , because this debate is going on for three weeks .
I read the diary of a poor senator , and I always wrote , `` still with this issue . ''
What caused the retardation and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives were against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him the King , if he did it or his successor to her ideas .
So , they wanted to give him the most modest , more insignificant and <unk> title that came to you .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . He already existed before , but it only meant `` somebody who <unk> a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There were the <unk> presidents of small colonial <unk> and fractions of government , but it was really insignificant .
And so the Senate is posed .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign chemicals . ''
`` And who 's really going to take a degree as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate was not giving out .
We can learn three interesting things about all of this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been considered by the President of President .
President Barack Obama is lucky to go in there , waiting for the Senate in action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is a temporary measure , it 's possible to keep waiting for <unk> years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the President of America does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the largest economy in the world and a fleet of <unk> aerial vehicles and so on .
The reality and history have hung at the title of <unk> .
So , in the end , I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a uniqueness .
But you know how many nations have now president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So at the end the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one 's going to be so humble when you tell them that they 're now the President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality , but actually , it makes reality change a lot more the words that these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 feet underground in an illegal mine of Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices who speak , but above all , that cacophony of <unk> male and stones agreed with primitive tools .
As others , I 'm wearing a cheap <unk> lamp attached to the head with this <unk> elastic rubber , and I can barely tell the branches of the branches that hold the walls of this subway hole that drops hundreds of meters on earth .
I 'm getting my hand out of my hand , and I suddenly remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control and fell countless feet in that pump .
As I talk to you today , these men are deep in that hole in that hole , their lives without paying no reward , and often , dying .
I went home and I went home , but they may never do it , because they 're prey in slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor to be the only <unk> in the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a <unk> of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that has been done to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and really , I began to learn about slavery because I knew that there was in the world , but not as a degree .
When we ended up talking very badly , I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this whole thing of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a knot , and weeks later , I flew into Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> , and I offer my help .
So I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I 'd been in many of these sites .
Some , even as I considered them my second home .
But this time , <unk> the dirty laundry .
A conservative calculation says there 's over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the amount of African Africans during the entire age of slave slaves .
150 years ago the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker .
The equivalent of a $ 50,000 today .
But today , you can enslave entire families for generations for $ 18 $ 18 dollar debt .
Surprisingly , slavery generates profits from over $ 13,000 a year around the world .
Many have been fooled by false promises of good education and better work , and then discover that they 're forced to work without paying pay , under threat of violence and they ca n't escape .
Today slavery operates in trade : the assets produced by slavery , they have value , but those are disposable ones .
slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal worldwide .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or hell of Dante .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 degrees degrees , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped in a heavy <unk> <unk> <unk> stack of bricks in their heads , until 18 at the same time , and they take them out of the hot feet of feet .
They went out of monotony , and they work on silence , doing this task over and over again for 16 17 hours a day .
There were no breaks to eat , no to drink , and the severe <unk> would make it pee quite inconsequential .
As tall as <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot , and it stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean the team and make it would work with air conditioning for <unk> and sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a way better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was not citizenship citizenship .
I could put them in a better situation than they were already .
I had to rely on the <unk> the <unk> and work within the system for her release and he trusted that he did it .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my heart shattered .
In the Himalayas , I found kids carrying rocks during mountain miles on mountain land to trucks to wait for the bottom .
Those big bits were heavier than the kids who were charge and kids hold her into their heads with a <unk> , string and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something that insidious but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> because this has been this whole life .
They do n't have anything to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned entirely .
When you hear the word slavery often , we think of sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness , they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was <unk> women who had been previously sex in sex .
I was given to a few ladders ladders that gave this dirty , <unk> light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where the <unk> in slavery with their girls and children , some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain the customers , and they 're forced to buy more food and alcohol .
Every single post is dark and dirty , identified by a number of painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sex abuse in their hands .
On the dusk of dusk , I remember feeling a <unk> fear , and at that moment , I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell .
It just had a way out of the way , the stairs where I came in .
There was no door doors .
There were no windows to climb large enough windows .
Those people do n't have <unk> and , because we touch a very hard topic , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happens around us .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the home service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles are another activity that often <unk> with labor labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were whole families <unk> in silk trade .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of their children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels , and they pour the silk in the liquid to the elbows , but it is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay for our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 kids in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed like a fishermen of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some young children , makes sense , right ?
Wrong . They were slaves .
The children are separated from their private families , missing and forced to work large ones in these boats in the lake , despite not knowing to swim .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , I was shivering that his little canoe were <unk> .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water .
The branches of the trees are submerged in Lake Volta , often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , is thrown into the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drowned .
It 's always been forced to work on the lake .
For fear of his love is not going to run out , and as all of the life has been treated with cruelty , I <unk> it to the youngest slaves under their command .
I met these guys five in the morning , when they put up the last networks , but they 'd been working from the last one .
On the cold and windy night .
And it 's going to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen .
I met him in a hut where the <unk> ' <unk> <unk> of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who is going to be because somebody decided to make a difference in their life ?
They 'd come up with a road in Ghana with partners from <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his motorbike suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and played the window .
He asked us to apply it through a land path to the forest .
At the end of the way , we would get out of the car , and asked the driver to go out quickly .
And then he pointed out this path barely visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we removed the <unk> that we get on the way , and after walking about an hour , we found that the way was going on by the recent rains of the rains , so I put a team of photos on my head to measure it in these waters .
After two hours of walk , the <unk> path ended up abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit into a football field , and everyone was full of labor workers .
Many women had children tied to their backs , and as they were looking for gold , they walked into poison waters with mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were engaging in their own sweat .
I remember looking tired , <unk> , because a lot of them had been underground for 72 hours .
<unk> have to 90 feet , and these people carry them with heavy stone bags that then they will then be transported to another area in which they put the stone to pull the gold .
At the first sight , the site seems to be full of strong , <unk> men , but , if we look closer , we see other less lucky ones and also children .
They 're all victims of injury , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this suspects is going to end up like this victim of tuberculosis and from mercury poisoning a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , he took him to work with him in the mines .
When his uncle died , he inherit his uncle 's debt , what force strength to be slave in mines .
When I met him , I 'd been working on the mines in 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that doctors would say that it had to be broken .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet it 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Yet , he dreams about being liberated and educated with local activists , like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , in face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you all around the world .
I wanted to know that we knew that we 'll give witness to them , and we 're going to make everything possible to help change their lives .
I really believe that if we can see ourselves from each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They 're people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I 'm not thinking about these so many beautiful people , abused , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images wake up a force in the people who see them , in people like you , and I hope that force turns out a fire , and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do applied math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were going to get rid of the ballet <unk> and dance dancers that we 'll see later .
But the ballet demand for an extraordinary training degree , a high level of skill and probably some initial fitness that well can have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease can gradually destroy this extraordinary ability , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> that , in their time , was a virtuous dancer .
Over the last few years , a lot of progress has been made .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we 'll know if there is really a cure that is when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's a frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement , there are no biological markers , and so the best thing we have is a neurological test for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that it 's out of the clinical trials , you 're never done .
What if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could get the test themselves ?
You would not need staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to propose to you as a conventional form to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all <unk> , and you 're all <unk> as my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal cords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds when we speak , we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes required . The <unk> , for example .
And as the ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about the time that leads to a child to learn to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of the vocal cords as vibrate , and as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
In the trace traces , you can see a irregular shake example of the vocal cords .
We see the same symptoms .
Holy shake , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of symptoms .
How do you compare these exams based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , both of them are not invasive .
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole set of hospitals to make them .
Both of them are skillful . Okay , but also <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds a lot .
They 're minimal cost , and we all know what happens .
When something becomes such low : it appears on a massive scale .
These are some incredible goals to address .
We can reduce the <unk> difficulties .
You do n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> <unk> .
With high-frequency monitoring we could get targets .
We could make <unk> massive recruiting for clinical trials , and for the first time , they 're doable in a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So when I 'm going to give you the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the <unk> Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals .
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Whatever , with no Parkinson 's , it can call low the price and leave recordings , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples of , say 10,000 people , will be able to say who 's healthy and who 's right ?
What will you take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What 's happening is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have it or not . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people may not get it . Maybe they do n't end up .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for the factors of confusion for the actual markers of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done fantastic work , and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network also , which is going to get the project down . Now we have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March 2011 , I was making <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray .
We were focusing on the darkness , on no windows , and usually we avoid sunlight .
We do the <unk> models still , the perfect skin still , we do the impossible , possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us really are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste of experience and a picture .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that was happening in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where he was volunteering , there was <unk> <unk> , he was in the place working with the response team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small village of fishermen in the <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The level of water , it reached more than 24 feet tall , over three miles the ground inside .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We got rubble from the canals and the ditches .
We got out schools . We removed the mud , and we left the houses to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons of tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten <unk> factory .
We 're <unk> and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and concrete cards .
Everybody did the same thing .
We 're going to take them to take them to take them to different places of the villages around to <unk> .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of personal losses that people had suffered .
While they were fleeing , and to save their lives , they had to abandon everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a <unk> center of the village .
It helped to clean up the wild bathrooms , huge <unk> , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the <unk> will pick up the photos .
And I had the honor there and I had the honor that that day <unk> in me to clean the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I was beyond my horizons .
When you look at the photos , I found some of them who had more than a hundred years , some were still in the lab in the lab , I could n't stop thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> , and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I went into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started tweaking the photos .
This was the first one .
It was n't too spoiled , but where the water had <unk> the face of the girl , I had to keep up with a lot of precision , and it looked .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't look like it , and that would be as tragic as having the photo photo .
With the step of time , they came out of luck more pictures , and they needed more <unk> , so that he went into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people in 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people coming out of joining .
In July , in July , we mobilize ourselves , a neighboring village north of <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner in the photographic libraries that had set up , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that took in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could take an hour . She could take weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had to sort of draw by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water was not destroyed .
I took a long time .
The water destroyed all of these pictures submerged in seawater , covered with bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of it with the pace of time I continue to be <unk> , which is why <unk> was a major part of the project .
We could n't make it cheaply unless it was clean , dry and <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky enough to hand .
We have a remarkable neighbor guide .
It 's very easy to hurt even more photos that are damaged .
As once he once said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky enough to the photos .
He had begun to spray her same , but he was stopped to realize that they still hurt more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would not have been able to rebuild , we were able to fill the images in a single picture and tweaking the whole picture .
When they picked up their pictures share some of his story with us .
A few colleagues of her husband found the photos on a fire station on the rubble far away from where she used to be their house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water while <unk> <unk> .
Their young children , not so small now , but their two kids were in school , in different schools .
One of them was caught in the water .
It took a week to find the whole family , and knowing that everyone had survived .
The day I gave her pictures of her youngest son to age 14 .
For her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could remember from the past that had n't been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined up to there were hundreds of them helped us clean up by hands of photographs of the vast majority -- the vast majority of people <unk> their owners .
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us give back to 90 families hundreds of <unk> and <unk> photos .
Over this time , we do n't really spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most ink on ink for printers .
We took pictures of constantly .
One picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , a loved relationship .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing that we 're going to do is let us look for .
This was the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to bring someone to their connection with the past .
When a picture like this gets back to somebody , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a huge difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected to something larger , give back something , using their talent to something that are not thin skin models of perfect skin .
To conclude , I 'd like to read this email , I emailed him the day that I went back from Japan after six months .
While you were <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about people and the stories shown in images .
One in particular , a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the little girl , gathering around a baby , was moved by me , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , I and my newborn daughter hang out of our wall .
In the entire world , in all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> has inspired us to wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple on an exhibition of just a billionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
Let me present to you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new <unk> technique that can make videos in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or seeing the interior of the body without using X-rays , and defy the camera idea .
If I take a laser pointer , and I switch it into and <unk> in a second , or it is , in multiple <unk> to create an <unk> package of just a millimeter wide wide width .
And that photons of photons , that bullet , traveling at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and fire in this bottle , how are those photons disperse into this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember , all of this happens in less than a <unk> , is what it takes for you to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola does n't take this research . They 're a lot of things in this film ; we 'll take this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to <unk> , and in , it starts to <unk> .
Part of the light goes off , goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble that bounces inside .
In that time , the waves travel around the table and because of the insights on the top , you see in the background of the bottle , after several frames , the insights are concentrated .
Now , if we take a common and ordinary bullet and we do that they would go down the same distance , and we see it in slow to about 10 billion times , how much you think it would take us to sit in to see that movie ?
One day ? One week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film for a slow motion .
And what about trying with dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming out of the table , the tomato and the bottom wall .
It 's like throwing a rock on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at the same time , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this , this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still shining .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe , and it bounces light inside and it turns out after several second <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phone , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
Like photographers , you know , if you take a picture at low exposure , it comes into very little light .
But we 're going to get a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'll just get into some light .
We sent that bullet , that photons package , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very cleverly , we take those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of these raw data , and it 's very interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
What if a new power of a superhero would allow him to look after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . <unk> , in the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could pull those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall , there 's a dummy , and we shine the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a tiny fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , in slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It has very good temporary resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door , and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point it corresponds to the distance .
When you project a laser , you can record a photo of gross , that you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But we 'll take lots of images like this , tens of images , do you and we 're going to try and analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions with what 's going around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected from open windows .
Or we could build them <unk> able to see the interior of the body through <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually an order for scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new modality that 's a new modality available to solve the problems in the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , he was a scientist , he became science in art , an art of photography <unk> .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected every time is not just scientific views , but we can see that we can be able to see that we can see that we can be able to see scientific views .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
And look at those waves , remember , time between each of those waves is just a few second <unk> .
But here also happens a lot of fun .
If you look at the waves below the top , you 'll go away from us .
The waves should move to us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have weird effects -- Einstein would have happy to see this image .
The order where the events in the world can sometimes occur to the camera .
<unk> the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone can <unk> a crime against humanity in Syria .
You can tweet a message and initiate a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , put it up and get famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and alive in the Berlin City .
Let 's go back to that moment , this city .
Here you can see hundreds of thousands of people protesting for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 , and imagine if all these people gathering that they 're looking for a change , they had a mobile phone phone .
Who have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everybody today has a mobile phone today .
But today , I 'm going to talk about me , from my mobile phone , and how it changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
Data data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . Commission came up with a directive .
The <unk> of data .
This board says that every European phone company , every Internet provider of the entire Europe , has to store a whole range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who 's sent a text to who .
And if we use mobile , where we are .
All of this information is stored for at least six months , and until two years , in your phone company or your Internet provider .
And across Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this database .
We want self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the telephone to the Internet providers , it 's stored all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out to the streets in Berlin and said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police of Eastern Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time I use your phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who was at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , who would please take me through all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I came back to ask for , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're <unk> my life . ''
So I decided to bring it up a lawsuit in justice , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we will not give you this information .
At the end of the end , they would agree .
They would take demand and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German German Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U . of the E.U .
So I got this ugly about brown with a CD in a CD .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> <unk> .
I saw you first and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . OK .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom in , go back and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to show you how I 'm going to put on the train on the front , and how often I call the journey .
All of this is possible with this information .
That 's a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we 're talking a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they 're called between them .
And then one calls the other , and the other one , and we ended up with this big communications network .
You can see how your people communicate to each other what time you call each other , where you sleep sleep .
You can see this all .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control their society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the form of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who is an email who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone phone .
And the <unk> had known who I was involved in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this never happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall , maybe never happened .
And so , as a result , you do n't know the fall of the Iron Curtain .
Because today state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and outside the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value , and that 's not outmoded .
When you go home , tell you their representatives that just because businesses and state agencies can store certain information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information you store for you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones that are giving you to remember that you have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello , TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello , TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but the doctor brought me into the world .
I 'm going to get my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , that 's why I 'm going to spend all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
Mayor C. It 's not genetics .
It 's not <unk> ca n't contract .
No one <unk> my mother 's uterus and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , although they are .
It 's only about accidents , like the one that happened to me at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration source .
I feel bad for me , because at some point in life , you wish to be disabled .
Come on for a walk .
Christmas Christmas , you 're in the mall , you 're driving in circles for parking lot and what you see ?
It 's 16 empty places for disabled .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
In addition , I 'm going to tell you , I have a 99 problems , and the P. C. It 's just one of them .
There 's a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Muslim , Muslim , woman , disabled , New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from Park Park , New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my illness had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe it .
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; you can dance <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters , I was cleaned .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents went to the school system , and I would argue that I was also , and if we did n't take all the top note , we all took the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my toes in his feet and simply walking .
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me , so that I 'm going to do it .
The <unk> I 've been inside of it was very strong .
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion who has received a lot of hits .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they still be all of the family . I think no one realized we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think about using `` I hate Muslims '' like campaign motto .
The people who grew up with no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed like a lot to die of hunger during the <unk> .
I was telling them that I had enough fat to live three months without lunch , so fast at the dawn at dusk is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent back to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , or I can walk in heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends used heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend the summer vacations on the Jersey coast , I was not going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid that if we do n't go back to Palestine every summers , we 're on Madonna .
On the summer vacation often my father was about <unk> , so I would drank milk from deer , and they put warm cups on my back , I got stuck in the Dead Sea , and I remember water <unk> my eyes and thought , `` It works , it works . ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I must say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga was a <unk> comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I can stand on your head .
My parents had this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the Charlie Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination , and I got a scholarship for the <unk> , University of the Arizona state , because I walked in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater department .
They all loved me .
I did all the little tasks I did , I took the top note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I made a scene from the glass zoo my teachers were <unk> .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called a very slow dance at Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at four winds , `` In order I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
At the end ! At the end !
Thank God all-powerful , at the end , I 'm free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him angry Brown .
I went to <unk> running the theater director of the theater department , crying historically , as if someone would have killed my cat , to ask her why , and she told me that he could n't make the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , you ca n't see the character . ''
It was a role for which he literally had been born and they gave it to a without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a story of <unk> actors without disabilities for disabled papers .
When I graduated , I went home , and my first <unk> tour was like extra in a soap .
My dream became reality .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` companion friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I was there as a vase , I did n't see me more than the back of the neck , and it was evident to me that <unk> directors do n't have a <unk> , no white , with disability .
We just get perfect people to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I did <unk> .
In my first first tour , he took some famous comical from New York to Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedian that took when he fell at the realization that he was at high speed by the freeway of New Jersey with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and no veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that small <unk> that says that women are not fun , and they find them very fun .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York Festival in New York , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> media , and at the time you remind the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
It was much easier than fighting the challenge of disability for disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was as invited to the news program by cable news back with Keith <unk> .
I walked in like a graduation dance , I went down to a studio , and they sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can I give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live !
So I held on on the desk 's desk , so I 'm not going to get rolling off the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was bitter .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't go back .
But not just Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I was like a full-time breath and bashed my chair .
A fun thing that I learned live with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that the children are cruel , but he never got away from me or a little older .
All of a sudden , my disability has become teased .
I would see clips online with comments like , `` Why is you talking ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease does it have ?
We really should pray for it . ''
A commentator suggested even to add my disability to my rsum , `` writer , comedian , paralyzed . ''
Race is as visual as race .
If someone in the wheelchair ca n't make it <unk> , then <unk> ca n't make any of them in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- Yeah , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors say I was not to walk , but I 'm in front of you .
However , having grown up with media , though , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , I 'll make it less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children well .
My tortuous journey has led me to places very spectacular .
I came to <unk> in the red carpet <unk> by releasing Susan <unk> and the famous <unk> <unk> .
I became a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world , `` Arabs have come crazy . ''
I was <unk> at representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity to give children Palestinian children a tiniest fraction of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me act live , and I do this talk to her memory .
It 's in peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know their story .
He lives in a small town to the South <unk> .
This people are about <unk> .
<unk> propels the small people to poverty and the verge of starvation .
Without anything there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no future perspectives .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year , nothing .
One day , I read a guy who offers him to lunch , after dinner , for a breakfast .
He knows a group of people , who gives him a break .
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , their family .
They present a young man .
Finally home .
It begins a new life .
It has a life target .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That little kid with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were at <unk> , a connected terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a small child , trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him <unk> ?
He was waiting for him .
I was waiting for an opportunity , hoping for the future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came to him .
This was the first thing that pulled him out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And his story repeats itself in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young unemployed urban women who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , who are looking for something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't engage in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that it has the highest unemployment of unemployment .
By 2030 , three in five people who live in cities are going to be under 18 than 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the history of waiting period , the gate of access to terrorism , to violence , in gangs , to be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't have anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember standing in front of that hospital , I was thinking , `` What if I 'd never gone ? ''
What if I would have forced to be in that same `` expect period '' ?
Would I have a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure about the answer .
The reason I was at <unk> that month was actually to harbor a few juvenile leaders on a corporate summit .
He <unk> about 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas on solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , he graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he said to me , because he was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and I climbed it down .
He started a motorcycles company .
It began to really get motorcycles to the local residents who normally could n't buy it .
I bought 10 bikes , with the help of her family and friends , and his dream is at some time to expand hundreds of bikes for the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What makes this story different ?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and I think the entrepreneurial spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period .
<unk> young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are so desperately looking for .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who was attending one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping some of the young people at the summit of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen over 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , <unk> were from plastic sent from the abroad .
If you hit somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a firm design company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and it started to grow salt and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard weather of <unk> .
And it began the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the companies in the city , and now it 's working on creating the first public park in <unk> in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people can go together , and , like he says , smell pink <unk> .
By the way , he is not pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire the young people , and in that room , the Mohamed 's presence had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
They forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
I encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs , that could be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They had business solutions for local problems .
So , to inspire young people and create a culture of entrepreneurial spirit is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put in their businesses .
<unk> young people with the resources they need , <unk> the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> to urban growth .
For me , the spirit of business is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Their Peace Park , this is how it 's called it , when it 's created , transforming the way people see their city .
He hired kids from the street to help rent and keep the bikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their inherent innovation , and they 're going to have more stories about flowers and Parks <unk> than <unk> and waiting periods .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area in northern the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves as a <unk> , and it wo n't be on the road we were still , we could almost pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> , a beautiful visual lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed , there was a dump , from about four square feet with the apple hearts of air balls , aluminum balls , old shoe .
And I was choked up , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that were too lazy to take out what they had brought , who thought that was going to clean out their trash ?
That question went on with me , and it got a little bit .
Who cleans our trash ?
Do n't matter how to organize it or where we put the `` our '' -- who cleans our trash in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
So here in New York , the <unk> Department cleans our trash , and for 11 tons of waste waste and two tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What do you feel like to use your uniform and get that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their pathways and interviewed people in offices and facilities throughout the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go more more .
So I began to work like garbage trash .
I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did n't have them .
And it operated on the mechanical mechanics and bar snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and amazing learning .
They all ask about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevailing as they believe , and in the days it 's very strong used to get used to very quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were still <unk> to the weight of getting on their body tons of junk .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Prisons <unk> , garbage collection is one of the most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out , and you 're coming into traffic all day , and you get <unk> around you .
They just want to be <unk> , so generally the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> , you see a city from the back of the truck , you get you to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also as a form of breathing or circulation .
It always must be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic , because I think the gatherers of waste is the most important work in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protecting out of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in a efficient and effective way every day , this starts to sink into its container and your dangers inherent us in very real ways .
So , we had been controlled for decades and centuries , they come back and start <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old we do n't have space for what the engines of economics begin to fail when they 're in danger consumption .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just pointing your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average speed .
So I 'm just talking about the speed that we used to move around in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't worry about it , and they do n't know , we cleaned up or we take our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw it , we forget about them , because we know there 's a workforce on the other side to take from it .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about harvesting waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and put it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in a lot of cities .
You know when you 're <unk> .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a form of relief .
The flow that keep us safe from ourselves , from our own waste , our junk , and that flow should always stay in one form or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 , I heard the grunt of a garbage collection truck on the street , I grabbed my son little , and I went down the stairs running down , and there was a man making his journey from paper recycled as he did every Wednesday .
And I tried to thank you to do his work that particular day , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and he just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
We 're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started investigating the waste collection and I went back to this man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species , we have to include in account all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think about when we talk about garbage , represent three percent of the amount of waste from the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their lives and their lives , the next next to see somebody whose work is cleaning the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Just take a moment to tell you thank you .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life , being part of the environment , where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and our local traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects like this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a <unk> center in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to emphasize .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Secondly , you need to employ a lot of energy because the <unk> skin is generating heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should not happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the entire year .
And third , its appearance has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia .
It 's a worthy of a place that 's so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I really was hooked on the old market , which is this open air structure where thousands of people are going and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that was what really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to the survey of the site , which is located in a lot of growth in the city , where a large part of the buildings that we now see in the image , did n't exist .
And also there is two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension hundred meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , uniting all the entries in the building .
And this is extended to an inclined atrium that creates a space in the open air in the building , which is <unk> , by its own shape , the sun and the rain .
And around this space we have applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that we would bring to the local weather conditions .
And I started thinking about a tissue that was similar to a <unk> shell , to allow the air gate , and also the light , but in a filtered way .
And then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons in the dress of the Ethiopians .
They have the properties of fractal geometry and it helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little pieces , and these are the windows that let 's go through the air and the light in a way controlled inside the building .
This is <unk> with these little colors of colors that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It was n't what we asked . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the mall , because at the end of the mall there were more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was so much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer needed to have air conditioning .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
And the first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy <unk> for the building in a city where electricity is short almost every day .
So we got a big advantage to putting it on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together collect water for the inner facilities .
It 's waiting for the beginning of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of construction .
The second example is a master plan for 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that big , the biggest thing that I have designed , I needed not just to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put a special attention in the <unk> , a thousand years old that was surrounded by a wall with 12 gates of connected by almost straight lines .
When I went to a place , the first design operation that we did was expand the streets of existing streets , creating 12 early blocks in size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell in the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in climate 's climate ?
And it 's direct , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore natural ventilation .
So , we would have a schematic that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then in the low plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set greater density at higher levels and a smaller density in the lower plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of doors .
And the roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving back the community , the space occupied .
It 's where all the neighbors are able to go up and socialize , and do activities like run a <unk> race in the morning , or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to design process .
And also , they are in emerging countries , where we can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate that grow buildings .
So for this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions , that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that have a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
I had big amounts of hair , and a very bright <unk> of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was filled with jealousy , until I was drawing my sinister plan .
I was a day after the school coming out of school , I was a little late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took off the table of my master 's book .
And then , I did .
I 'm going to show you the ratings of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All right . And I set up to get back the book to the drawer . But , to see , some of my other teammates had very good grades as well .
So , in a frenzy , we would get notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all in rows of <unk> and myself a row , just to be there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came .
I do n't understand why I was doing well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I was never caught .
It was that it was all <unk> obvious .
They never found me .
But above all , I 'm going to tell you the reason why I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good for me .
<unk> jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . The tiles are very likely .
We know jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study for loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
That 's why you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the laboratory where they 're studying jealousy in all of their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if it does n't have jealousy , there would be no literature .
Well , there 's no Helena to do it , and it would n't be `` Odyssey . ''
There would be no king jealous , and <unk> and a night . ''
There 's no Shakespeare .
He looked at the high school lists on high school , because we 'd be losing `` The noise and the <unk> , '' there would not be `` Gatsby '' and `` Party , '' we will just call ourselves from <unk> <unk> and `` Anna K . ''
No jealousy , no Proust , I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost it has it all .
This year is 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In pursuit of the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy , and also in ordinary competitiveness , mine , everything we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details to have , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think about a <unk> , you know , you 're going to get rid of it .
We forget how hard it is .
We forget about how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's books that Virginia <unk> said they were as hard as <unk> cat .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
So let 's see why they 're all so good together , novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
Will it be very obvious as jealousy , which is reduced to the person , to their wish , their liabilities , are a very solid narrative base ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when you feel jealousy .
When you feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed to make us feel bad .
Being storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
jealousy makes us all novelists novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she makes to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to yourself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh <unk> that <unk> detects on his lover , he adds it to his collection of torture of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , websites would have to abandon the country , if they wanted to break on it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
jealousy are <unk> .
It 's an hungry emotion . You have to power it .
And how are jealousy ?
The jealousy is <unk> information .
jealousy uses the details .
The jealousy of jealousy , they like the big amounts of hair , and the cute little bit of pencils of pencils .
The jealousy is taken from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust links to the <unk> language with jealousy .
When <unk> is in the jealousy agony , suddenly he 's listening behind the gates and <unk> the servants of his lover , then overwhelmed .
He says , `` Look , I know that you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different from the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` They 're scientific research with true intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy people see <unk> , and they make us seem <unk> , but in their core , they 're search for knowledge , search of truth , a painful truth . In fact , to what Proust Proust is , the more painful .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss : these were the pathways towards wisdom .
He says , `` A woman we need , that makes us suffer , causes us a much deeper range of feelings and vital feelings that a wise man will be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy people reveal us .
Is there any other excitement that makes us open up in this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement hitting our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look with so peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a very nervous young man who was being consumed with the idea that his wife did .
And Freud said that there was something weird about that man , who did n't tell him what his wife did .
She was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was <unk> without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he did his wife , without realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Did you get too much ? Or is he accidentally beaten up with a man ?
Freud said that man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
novels are really good at this .
novels describe very well how jealousy makes us look in intensity , but without precision .
In fact , the quicker that we are , the more we become the residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think jealousy leads us to make violent acts or illegal .
The jealousy drives us to behave in completely <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about me at eight years old , I recognize it , but I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news .
A woman from Michigan was a woman of <unk> , they 've been captured by having created a false account at Facebook from which they were sending a <unk> messages to themselves , for a year .
It 's a year for a year .
She was trying to join the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , and I have to tell you that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
What huge , even unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a <unk> novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the sign of `` <unk> in a <unk> , '' and `` The Mr. <unk> <unk> , '' books that are trying to jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we are in the sphere , in the jealousy realm , the membrane that separates what is what might be , can be punch in a instant .
Take Tom <unk> , her most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or want what you 've got to get <unk> of your self and you 'll get rid of what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , you get your <unk> rings , you empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the <unk> route .
I ca n't give you everybody else , so much as I want to do .
It 's a pity , because we live in time with envy .
We live in jealousy times .
I mean , we 're good social media citizens , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
Schools show us the way ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters are always doing when they 're not sure , when they 're in a mystery .
Let 's go down to Baker Street and ask by Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think about the curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always got a question [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head face of the <unk> <unk> <unk> that needs desperately , needs the Holmes genius , but it bothers him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs their help , but they <unk> it , and <unk> with bitterness on each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of <unk> <unk> , '' once leg comes in , <unk> everybody with his solution , <unk> goes back and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there 's no one person in Scotland <unk> that I would n't want to wear their hand .
It 's one of the few times that we see Nelson transferred in history . It seems like this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem , without emotion .
You know , at a minute Holmes is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> allows you to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy is really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be relative to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get them from the excellence of the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So as we hope that happens , we remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only fiction is the jealousy fiction .
fiction used to save it , invites them to the table .
And look at what puts it : sweet <unk> , frightening Tom <unk> , <unk> <unk> , the Marcel Marcel Proust .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped jumped out of the base module of Apollo 11 and landed on the sea of <unk> .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray world was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the highest mobilization in peace times in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave some 400,000 people and asked about 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died , including the Apollo crew .
But before the Apollo program <unk> program , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve walked on his surface , which drove after she died after Armstrong 's death was now the most old man .
So why did they go ?
They did n't come very much back : <unk> pounds of old rocks , and something that the 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the smallness and fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is , because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the head of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some ask , why did the moon ?
Why do we turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why scale the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why would we fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does Rice versus Texas play ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a <unk> of the West over the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was to wonder about the transcendence of the powers of technology .
It was because it was great to be able to do it .
The landing on the Moon happened in a context of a long list of technological transplants .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it was <unk> , and the smallpox were eliminated .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a sailing ship , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 <unk> crew , 10 miles away .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone back to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 , and joyful joyful about the power of technology has evaporated to see that the problem that we imagine that the technology would solve this as going to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or to feed the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 shot .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that he did n't look at the <unk> tube from the rocket Saturn V .
I knew so much that this would be the last left mission , but I was completely sure that I could see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's `` something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard this for the last two days here at TED .
It looks like technologists had become distracted , and they would have enriched us with trivial toys , things like iPhones , or social networks , or algorithms that speed the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't solve the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parish explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that they 've created a less ambitious business companies that were in the years that we were at Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the perpetrators , in concrete , the incentives that the venture capitalist offer entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of ideas that are transformed by the funding of incremental and incremental problems , or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the capitalists capitalists were at its high point of risk without worrying about risk , they preferred small investment , tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> them . They 've always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy , which need a huge capital and development that 's in the long term , has n't invested in developing technologies that are intended to solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes , we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would take a political decision that would be popular , and that will never happen .
We 're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than doing on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve big problems because political systems fail .
Now , less than two percent of the global energy consumption came from sources of renewables like solar , wind and <unk> -- less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want alternative energy sources that can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about what political and treaties with the development of an alternative energy development is , mostly , a significant increase in research development and energy development , and some kind of control price control .
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we 're going to see the U.S. energy policy or treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that looked like technology , it turns out not to be .
We know for a time that famines are a result of failure in the <unk> .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crises that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or crops for storage and food skills , but there will be famines while there were bad governments .
Finally , big problems sometimes make a solution because we do n't understand the problem really .
President Nixon was declared the war to the cancer in 1971 , but soon we discovered that there are many types of cancer , some terribly resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years , they seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we ca n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we have , but these four elements have been present : The political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; institutions need to support the solution ; it must actually be a technological problem ; and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , does with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no <unk> competition as in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy that <unk> how hard and dangerous , and there 's not a popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , I 'll go to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
I was just three days old .
And really , I was n't even dealing with any problem anymore .
We 're alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we are missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start <unk> the pervasive ideas that have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become cliches in our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a huge decrease of trust , it 's a very general belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third one is a task : we should reclaim trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task has been wrong .
What I 'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject .
First of the claim , why do people think that trust has gone down ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
It makes me turn up to think that it may have fallen into some activities or institutions , and that might have grown up to others .
I 'm not sure .
But I can turn to the opinion polls , and the polls of opinion are supposedly the source of belief that trust has declined .
When you look at opinion polls over time , there 's no many evidence of it .
I mean , the people who are <unk> 20 years ago , mainly journalists and politicians are still inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago , remain pretty reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway through .
But is this evidence for enough ?
What the opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is generic attitudes that people felt when they ask themselves certain questions .
Do you trust the politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if somebody asked you , `` Are you going to get in the <unk> ?
<unk> in fishermen ?
Do you take primary teachers ? ''
I 'm probably going to say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer .
And you could say , when you answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but in others not . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to place the confidence in distinct ways .
We do n't assume that the level of trust we 're going to feel like a certain kind of officer , an official or a guy 's guy , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain teacher of elementary school that I know to give the class of reading , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend 's most talkative to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And what if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why is we left all of that knowledge when we think about trust in the most abstract way ?
I think surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they 're trying to restore the good judgment in fact to trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's an stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal that I 'm going to make .
I would be able to get more confidence in what 's confident , but not what it is .
In the end , I 'm believer in not to trust what 's not trustworthy .
And I think that those people who would promote their savings with very rightly called Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Whether we sat against artificial intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it does mean that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about to do is do a trial about how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that to be able to do a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we found a person being competent in the <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 're going to have a very good reason for trusting it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I did n't rely on them to bring a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things , but I see that I 'm looking at their own skills .
And I 'm very happy to say I do n't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
If this is , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before .
trust is the answer .
<unk> is what we need to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability 's systems for all sorts of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that made us easier to judge the task of judging their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember one time I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , you 'll see the problem , it takes longer to do the administrative paperwork that 's going on . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public and institutional life , the accountability 's system that is meant to ensure trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is they make the work of people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` setting the boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure you all know similar examples .
All of that , for the goal .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we 're planning to be worthy of trust , and we will tell people that we are reliable , and if you can figure out whether other people , officials or politicians are trusting trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple actions , attitudes , which does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task , rebuild trust , puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because we give us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You 've got to give them enough foundations so that they can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to add some <unk> evidence that you 're worthy of .
How do we do that ?
That 's done every day , everywhere , the common people do , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple business example .
The store where I buy my socks , he says that I can hand them without giving explanations .
I take them and get back the money , or they change it by the color that I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they become vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other hand , that 's a very good test that you are worthy of trust and you have trust in what you 're saying .
So in the end , I think what we 're aiming at is not very hard to tell .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
Now , from the early computers we have been working worked for the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our world 's material and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be completed .
This separation has been reducing , more and more , to such a point that is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a glass screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there was no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
First of all , I created this tool that goes deeper into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the transfers is the physical body to the pixels .
The designers can prescribe their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs under the screen .
So , with this tool , we break down the barriers .
But both hands still stay still outside the screen .
How do you reach inside and interact with the digital information using all the skill skill ?
In the Microsoft 's division of Science , along with my mentor <unk> mentor , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital work area .
So I combined a transparent plot with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face , you can now lift the hands of the keyboard , to get inside of 3D space , and grab pixels directly with your hands .
As the windows and archives have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a shelf from a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's below every floating display .
<unk> can stretch or rotate their practice directly with hands .
In these examples , we 're typing in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and so on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about it .
What I have here is an online <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision you get from a device on the head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we took this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make physical physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would this be a future like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii , and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space , which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere in this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was ring gravity and control the movement through a combination of levitation and mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And by programming the object digitally released it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can come back and come back to reproduce , and they stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and distance , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can play it as a physical reality , the times we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , physics , and unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating than changing the physical side of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just going to show you something but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us , without us , without our world .
We started the talk today about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I would get myself to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in first grade , the government wanted to give you a school to athletes with all expenses paid .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they create firm that there was only a accurate path to happiness : a safe and paid job .
No matter whether the work would like you or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to begin to <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of school and the host of a radio show .
But no adults would get the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much more to train .
My dream will never happen .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life a second class of my life was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I solved looking for another calling .
Anybody around me wanted to teach me ? OK .
They went to the books .
[ `` <unk> <unk> '' of <unk> [ `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> of History '' ] I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books that I 'm here ?
Those were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about the Chinese <unk> life .
And it 's not <unk> <unk> . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a subject for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation : `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The encounter with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
We 're going to have a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me , because this is what the students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
The comparative reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to work fields like comparative religion and comparative literature .
Compare and contrast , you offer academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research , why not do it as well in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be people from the people `` Benjamin Franklin , '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams , '' they were involved in himself , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
The Buddha 's all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Tao <unk> ) Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The Tao '' Alan <unk> ] Instead of missing in translation , found that you can make a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` quick joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know that I 'm not going to get myself alone or powerless .
To have a dream of shattered , it 's nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that the realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
So , even a dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books that I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clearly most of the time .
So , books always join them .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a 22-year-old woman called Alex .
And Alex walked into the first session using jeans and a <unk> , threw out on the couch of my office , took off the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I was so relieved .
My classroom had a <unk> .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex gave the sessions , it made me easy to move the head while we were making the solution .
`` The 30s are the new , '' he said , Alex , and why I saw , she was right .
You start to work after , you get home later , you have children later , until death happens later .
For <unk> and I had plenty of time .
But shortly after , my supervisor was pushed me to press Alex talking about his loving life .
I was resistant .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out of guys under their category , and they 're lying with a <unk> , but it 's not like it 's going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` No , no , but maybe you get married with the next .
Also , the best time to work on Alex is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s is not the new <unk> .
Yes , people sit in head after what used to be used , but this did not have the <unk> of Alex being a pause in their development .
This made the Alex <unk> , the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , this kind of benign neglect was a real problem , and I had real consequences , not just for Alex and his loving life , but for racing , the families and the futures and futures from all over the place .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent , if you think no one gets to adulthood without going through the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , you love a physicist , you take your sleep in a 20s , I want to see . It 's OK . Incredible , the <unk> really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years .
This means eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' they 'll have a way to their life have happened to be 30 and so many .
People of more than 40 , do n't panic .
This audience is going to be well , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they gain .
We know more than half of Americans are married , or they 're coming out with their future couple at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in its <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change yourself , now is the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any time in life , and we know that female fertility comes to its top to the 28 , and things become complicated at 35 .
<unk> are the moment to educate their body and their choices .
When we think about developing the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment where your daily life and ordinary life has a <unk> impact on the person you 'll be going to be .
But what we do n't hear is there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical time in adult development .
But this is not what you 're listening to .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them a extended adolescence .
The journalists called <unk> names as `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality of what is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
It 's not true ?
What do you think happens when you give a physicist in your head and you say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person in the sense of urgency and ambition , and absolutely nothing .
And then every day , intelligent , interesting things like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this : `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as a career starts to be before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are by <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum , the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dating during the <unk> were like the chairs of chairs .
They all were running around and <unk> , but then at some point around 30 , the music turned off , and they all began to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only one who was standing , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure to the 30s and so many of you start a career , to pick a city , to pick a city , and have two or three children in a long time period .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there 's research that starts to show , which is much more difficult and stressful doing all of one time to the 1930s .
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
realizing you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and I , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the ones are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman called Emma .
By 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said that he would like to work in art or in entertainment , but he still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a waitress .
As it was cheaper , I was living with a boyfriend that showed more temperament than a ambition .
And despite living a very difficult <unk> , your previous life had been even more difficult .
And so often we 're going to take a lot of them on our sessions , but then she stood up at the same time , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I 'd just bought a brand new book book , and I had spent the whole morning , and I 'd come up with her many contacts , but then he was looking at empty space that goes on after the words `` In case of emergency , please name ... ''
I was at the point of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if I get cancer ? ''
At that point , it took a lot of work to resist and not say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that really would be worried .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the contract of Emma was going on in front .
So for the next weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all ages , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told her to Emma that to forget about that identity crisis and <unk> capital of identity .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : capital of identity generates identity capital .
So now it 's the moment for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that company you want to try .
I 'm not dropping on exploration exploration , I 'm dropping on exploration that I should n't count , that by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma it to explore jobs and make them count .
Second , I told him to Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the <unk> who come together with friends with similar minds are limited to who you know , what you know , how you think , how do you talk about , how do you work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who 's going to get out almost always comes from their closest circle .
The new things come from what 's called weak ties friends from their friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or do n't have a job .
But the other half not , and the weak links are the way we can get into this group .
Half of the jobs created never publish , then to meet the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job that was not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
Finally , but not less important , Emma believed that one does not choose her family , but she does their friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma would soon bring her family back to her family , when she has a mate and form his own family .
I told her to Emma that time to choose her family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better enough to sit down than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But to choose the person that you live now or you 're going to wake up now when everyone on Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it , and that involves being so intentional on love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who , and what you want instead of just making it work or kill your time with whatever you choose them .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that directory , and she found the roommate for a cousin of a cousin who worked on an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That job offer gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with her living .
Now , five years later , it 's special planners of events in museums .
This married a man who chose consciously .
He loves his new career , he loves her new family , and I 'm sending a letter to me that said , `` Now , the spaces of ownership contacts are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma can sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes that come out of Los Angeles airport , which come out somewhere in the West .
Just before the takeoff , a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or Fiji .
In the same way , at the same way , to the age of 21 , and even the 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the following generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the people who know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
That 's what I now have the privilege of telling you as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
Do n't be defined by what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
You 're deciding your life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 , I left a very hard job in management consulting management management for a job that was even more demanding .
I went to teach them mathematics at seventh grade in public schools in New York .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and testing .
I give them tasks .
When the work would come back , we 'll test grades .
What struck me was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance did not have I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in math in seventh grade , safe , they 're hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during time enough .
After several years of faculty , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure the best way .
It 's the <unk> , but what happens if you succeed in school and life depends on a lot more than the ability to learn how fast and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and every study my question was , who is successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who would be <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> National <unk> and tried to predict what children would get as far as possible in the competition .
We study teachers working in neighborhoods really difficult , figuring out what teachers are still teaching at the end of the school year , and of those who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , which of these marketers are going to keep their job job ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , it emerged a feature as an important predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , the physical health , and it was n't I.Q .
It was determination .
Violence is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
determination is to have resistance .
Violence is clinging to their future , day after day , not only a week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future reality .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a race at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to do my questionnaires of determination , and then I waited for over a year to see who would be <unk> .
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly more likely to graduate graduate than graduate school , even when I paired them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of the tests , the results of the standardized tests , even the security that they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or in the National <unk> <unk> in which it matters . It 's also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know how much science about development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do they develop purpose in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a robust ethic of work ?
How do we stay motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give them purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply do n't keep ahead with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , determination commonly not related , or it 's even related to inclined to talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing purpose in children is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when the kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge , they 're a lot more likely to hear when they fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where I finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need test them .
We need to measure whether they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , wrong with it , to get all the new things together .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our children more specific .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , shape and the figure of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was influenced by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that whoever means you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language .
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it as a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant menus , understanding the basic idea of web pages or newspapers .
I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if they were screaming differently , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol is actually originally originally from the shape of it called , but I like to believe that it 's the other way .
This is a tree .
Tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I 'm calling radical these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they create a lot more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If one person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth over the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a <unk> tree is quite stupid .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of fire .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes over the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a table inside the door , is the deadbolt out of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , played someone at home ?
This person is hidden out hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful about it .
So we 've gone for almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radicals will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every small effort , they will be able to learn a couple of characters , which is the same thing to learn from eight years old .
So after knowing the characters , we started to create sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know Japan is the land of the emerging sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is to China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left is two mountains stacked over the other .
In the old China , it meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies there of the mountains .
Today , the exile has become getting out .
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a exit .
This is a slide to remind me I have to stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be my dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my children , when my daughter was four years old , we saw the Wizard of Oz together .
The film mastered its imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave her a good excuse to use a bright dress and bring a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live , and we raised our children in a kind of an industrial complex labor shows .
And yet , the Wizard of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to 40 years later with , curiously , another film whose protagonists , a metal kid and a <unk> guy , <unk> a girl dressed as a girl guard .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there are a couple of big differences between the magician 's magician and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the Wizard of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if `` The Wizard of Oz will do today , the magician would say , Dorothy , you 're salvation in Oz as the prophecy . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the armies in the computer of the <unk> evil .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing from the Wizard of Oz is that the most heroic , wise characters are women .
I started noticing this when I did I see Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that point , I also had a son .
It 's only three years old .
I was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of oversight was down , and so slid in the room , and I was so slid in the room , and I was shocked as a mom 's leg with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , presumably , let him learn everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be about value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would it be the sense that Luke joined an army to overthrowing the government ?
Let 's compare this to the 1939 magician in 1939 .
How is Dorothy his film wins ?
We do <unk> with all of us and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up Oz , right ? And not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much an F capital force in the movies for our children , and so little on the yellow side of the yellow road ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence in the girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know by experience that Princess <unk> does n't give me the right framework I would have served to navigate through the world of adults who are mixed in the time , and I think that at the moment of the first kiss , I really hoped that the credit would begin to appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is over , I have a girlfriend .
Why are they standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The films focus on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are many exceptions , and to defend the Disney Disney of any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they , kids , are not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job teaching girls how they 're defending the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend defending the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , as real and lovely , like <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies of war .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time continues in classic after classic , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and their son , or two men who breed a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out of <unk> .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in stores .
Do you remember what criticism said when it came up with me ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let it stop it !
Well , almost none of these movies happens .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It has n't been roots , and it spreads , but maybe we will start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the middle of the 1980s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of mine on the evaluation of the movies you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions that you have to do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie ?
Are your conversation about something more besides the kid who like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you .
Two women who exist and talk about things each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and I 've yet rarely see it in the movies we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality movie , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , testing , a consensus of what 's a <unk> movie .
Pretty much , it does n't happen .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women are hidden during the hostage crisis .
We have lots of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hiding , and it 's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go through the numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100 more popular movies , how many of them believe they have female actors ?
Eleven . Not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that this one is going to be disappointed this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says that it 's been sexually assaulted once in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for children have something to do with that .
I also do n't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is that there 's a lot of <unk> sex .
Who are those guys ? What are they learning ?
What do you not get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says that the role of a male hero is defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and do n't speak ?
Are we making that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world , and this very alarming statistic and we want <unk> .
We have tools at our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that it can help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to be able to make it if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their human power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here is mainly to the parents .
I think we have to show our children boys , a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the <unk> and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character for `` Star Wars know what he said ? ''
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than no one , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to try to reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want fewer stories where I 'm telling my son : Go go and fight only and more stories where it looks like their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician 's magician .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things that I loved it was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that I would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to look at them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in love for the past and archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized to see my own eyes was not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up at almost 1,300 miles of length with the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
So to try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different looks like using infrared .
This is a place in the eastern delta in Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , to the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're looking at are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used the data data to find an ancient city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the old Egypt capital for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire About 4,000 years ago .
The place sits in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient art , Egyptian and religion .
<unk> have always known that <unk> was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , here 's what they built , here in the red circles here , but somewhere inside this enormous mud stream .
This area is enormous , it 's about six to six miles away .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , we moved into this one and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city underground in a large landscape ?
I 'll try to find that random to be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with blindfolded , and using baseball gloves .
So we use NASA surveys to make a map of place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile <unk> .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , that we think it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing jobs , and you can see it here .
When I say sampling , it 's like the shots in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human Change .
Five meters down , under a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of <unk> objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found work from <unk> ; they would say , quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common rocks , it used in the jewelry store in the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that go from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We do n't know <unk> here , but we would go back to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in using satellite technology , so they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , it was probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
So sharing knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on earth .
So as it looks like , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do ideas happen in 1984 BC in a lost city not for a long time and found from high .
It certainly puts marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , front of the door of <unk> .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that is made .
Now I 'm going to show you a group of obese obese people .
They 're competing in a bike race , and they 're going back to their front door .
I need you to see this really .
They 're strong <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're <unk> .
And they collide against the door of their house .
There are bicycles flying around , wheels that pass on the side of the wheels that they end up in <unk> places , <unk> the threshold of the door .
In the lobby , in the hallway , or what 's next to the other side of the door , and you look at the quality of light , the light 's shining over the <unk> of the <unk> .
You 're waving it with your hand .
From their chair on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur making you tickle your nose .
You can smell the porridge cookie , and you know what 's about to get in your mouth .
<unk> on one side and enter your living room .
In the room , and most of his imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing about their middle table , singing `` <unk> Baby One Baby One . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The ground has coated with a yellow path , and since the oven comes to you Dorothy , the <unk> Man , the <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> from the hands , jumping towards you .
OK . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States <unk> .
I was covering this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting for , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise <unk> .
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them only once .
They put the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
I want whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I was like , `` This is amazing . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when did you notice you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who 's involved in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We have been trained to perform these miracle acts of memory using some old techniques , invented 2,500 years in Greece , the same techniques that I used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and the medieval academics were used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I have n't heard of this before ? ''
We were standing out of the classroom of competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful and brilliant English , while a little bit crank , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears out how to memorize the order in a deck of cards live in national television .
That would prove to the world anybody can do that . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
You have to start with something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up spending most of the year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why it does n't sometimes work and what can be their potential .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very probably with the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remember that I had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows to see how our memory is making us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He 's based on the <unk> role paper in the `` Rain Man . ''
We spend a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was creepy .
And when I come back , I read a number of treaties on the written memory , about 2,000 years ago in Latin , in <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in that this idea of having trained , disciplined memory , and agriculture was n't as rare as you might look like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made our modern world as well , but they 've also changed .
We have culturally changed , and I would say that we have changed also cognitively .
As we have almost no need to remember , sometimes it seems we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory , and cultured is this very unique memory competition .
It 's actually not so unique ; there 's skills like this worldwide .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of University College researchers invited a group of memory champions , to the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to have brains in some ways , structural , different kinds of the rest of us ?
The answer was , not .
Are they more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the subjects of control of the control .
When they put them in an MRI machine , they would promote their brains as well as <unk> numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in the memory champions , they have <unk> parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used , or seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we could learn from this ?
The tournament in competitive memorization is driven as an armed career where someone each year comes out with a new way of remembering more things , faster , and then the rest of the competitors should get to a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times of memory champion .
At their desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of fine cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and he 's just mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise binary digits .
Yeah .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things on these skills , absolutely all of the techniques used to the end , it 's just reduced to one concept that psychologists call `` <unk> coding . ''
It 's illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the `` <unk> '' paradox .
That 's her last name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , I ask you , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Remember what it was ? ''
The person who told her that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person was told that their job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity of memory -- that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name is Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
They dance with all the other memories that dance through their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the arts .
They use <unk> hats .
They have flour .
<unk> good when they come back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you get that word back for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> to <unk> them at some time later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to make this data on the Ancient Greece .
It 's called the `` palace . ''
The story says this : There was a poet called <unk> who went to a <unk> .
They had hired him as a entertainment , because before , if he wanted to give a very good party , they did n't bring to a DJ , he was hired to be hired a poet .
He stood up , and he pulled his memory poem , and left , and so soon he was , the room of the shuttle collapsed .
killing everybody .
But it did n't only kill them all , but shattered the bodies left , and they were left .
Nobody could say who was there , no one could remember where they were sitting .
So you could n't afford the <unk> .
It 's a tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed your eyes and realized that with your eyes of your mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting every invited .
I took the family of the <unk> hand where they were their loved ones in the rubble .
What <unk> noticed at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and it is that no matter whether we 're not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and remarkable space .
If I would tell you that the first 10 words of the story I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to find it very hard to do it .
But I would bet that if you were telling them to say who I was sitting on the horse on the brown <unk> in your lobby , you would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the palace is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember , and the more crazy , funny , funny , funny , <unk> image is the image , more memorable .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first treaties of memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to do it from memory , the same way that I would have dealt with you if you were invited to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of <unk> , crazy , unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine coming into your house , and you can see the <unk> of the <unk> mounted on Ed Ed .
And that would tell you that you want to introduce Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell .
And then they come in in the kitchen , and the fourth subject that they would talk would be that strange journey they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help them to remember it .
That 's like the Roman speakers <unk> his speeches , not a word for the word , which is going to confuse him , but typical by typical .
In fact , the typical term , comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about the oratory and the rhetoric with this kind of space .
The phrase `` first , '' it would be like the first place in your memory palace .
I saw that this was just fascinating , and I got in full of that .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing a large thing about this fictional subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is such a boring event .
So seriously , it 's like to see a lot of people sitting in taking tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets stuck in front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , you know , the names of an old school yearbook school bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just to train memory .
What it 's actually about doing is to improve increasingly the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , ridiculous , <unk> images , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was really hooked on this .
This is me , using my standard team of training for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and a security glasses covered with tape leaving only two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before , and I had the idea that I could enter it , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could serve a good epilogue for my whole research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the contest , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to be able to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they 're based on very basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to build out of the memory or <unk> from cards or <unk> from cards to benefit from how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories become educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
<unk> when we focus deeply .
The palace -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us angry .
It 's a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most of you do n't go around .
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things get memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what we 're already in is our short existence on your Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks around our side . Will we be so compelling that we do n't even engage in processing deep ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person that remembers remembering .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex topic , so we 'll just start a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from Donald Jersey , I was six and I lived there at home of my parents in a village called <unk> , and this was my child bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there all of the time you were looking at TV , so every time I went out of my room to the bathroom , everyone looked at me , and every time I came up and I would come back in a towel , everyone saw me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , I hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Ready .
Those emotions , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , not of division of areas , but of those gut connections , but of those gut connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
And architecture determines in ways we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little bit naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it tells you : you think of power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that they think about it by based on a building , 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in America , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , solid <unk> , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's costly , it takes a lot of time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build them , the <unk> and the governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they want to use ways they know that they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that ended up in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , which let me start with this building , to communicate with this building : children , ownership values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , to the other side of the country , got another library , which looks like this .
He 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to come together , read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side , it 's innovation that we 're constantly carrying new technologies , new typologies , new solutions for current life forms .
We 're going to test them and we 'll push it so much , that we get away from the people .
And all of the black , this is depressing . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we have no choice .
We have to go to the other side and come back to connect with those appreciated symbols .
So we do , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we start experimenting again , we do it swing the pendulum back forward , over and over again . So we 've done this in the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago from the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about concrete .
That can be guess .
<unk> small , a dehumanizing scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the 1980s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
<unk> the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those shapes we like and <unk> them .
You 're neon and we added pies , and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We took cabinets <unk> , and we converted them into skyscrapers , which may be medieval parts of glass .
The shapes were <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Humor grew up to the size of buildings .
insane .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spend the shopping malls , we moved to the neighborhoods , and there in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
Possibly with endless bread bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories from other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects are frustrated , and we started to swing the pendulum back into the other direction .
In the 1980s and early '90s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
<unk> the historic symbols ; we now have new <unk> techniques for a computer , and we found them with new compositions -- a few ways that are attached to other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's super <unk> ; you 've totally lost <unk> .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But something amazing happened .
In 1997 , it opened this building .
It 's pollen , Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and general public , they were completely according to a building .
The New York Times journal <unk> this miracle construction .
Tourism in Bilbao raised in a 2,500 percent when they ended up the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible that they can become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media went around them , and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same was made the main mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the new millennium country with other star architects .
It happened to superheroes and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects in the new millennium threshold , actually started to go through the entire architecture , digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think of , for example , how do they eat architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have walked to the next town to see a building .
transportation is accelerating : they can take a ship , an airplane , can be tourists .
Technology speeds . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we are all photographers photographers , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not a long time to think about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can actually design two , eight , or 100 buildings , before I designed it four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we found out with buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a two-year movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this , because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , of steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum sticks is applied to media , it starts to swing faster and faster , until we 're going to be in both kind of simultaneous extremes , and it became effectively the difference between innovation and symbol between us , architects , and you , the public .
Now we can do almost instant symbols , with emotional charge , something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> on Fire Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly the entire product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community , that first summer , when people started to get it and share it in social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , they 're the images that one made of the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with the collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks telling us how to think architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but that has changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think about a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building was built today , first we were to the Internet looking for `` new libraries . ''
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation , innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that can lead to the mayor of <unk> , people in <unk> , and tell them that there 's no answer to what a library can happen today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience .
It 's all different now .
Architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use <unk> words and complicated drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless public who does n't accept something that I have n't seen before .
The architects can listen to , and you 're not allowed to intimidate by architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that buildings tomorrow will be very different to the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of brick brick in ideas of what it should be in the stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we finally will be ready for the ways they 're going to produce .
That means that buildings were attributed to the whims of nature and not the contrary .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to do sport or for yoga , or even one can get married in the night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming on the East River River in New York City , and raising half a million dollars in the community around that cause , no customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little <unk> pavilion , as <unk> and <unk> as animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , which matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make buildings more ecological , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings do not just reflect our society , but they give way to the smallest spaces , the local libraries , the homes where we formed our children , and the bedroom of the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned out a year , and she started walking .
And it does this very cool way of a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for your legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things that most likes to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves her reflection .
He 's laughing and <unk> , and she gives themselves those big kisses and wet .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all his friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And he made me think , `` When stopped doing this ? ''
How is that all of a sudden we 're not comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it only wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
He 's got a little bit of fear , he 's a bit confused because his mom tells him all the time he 's beautiful , every day at school , someone says he 's ugly .
Among what his mom tells him , and what his friends , or school classmates say , does n't know who I believe .
So it makes a video of her himself , publishes it on YouTube , and says to other people who please leave a comment , `` Am I nice or am I ugly ? ''
Well , so far , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , that it does n't even deserve worth thinking about them .
We talked about a healthy , normal , current teenager who receives these answers on one of the most emotionally emotionally stages .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what is it taking to do this ?
Well , adolescents today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure from being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving `` I like , '' talking , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
We 've never been so connected before we 've been so connected , in a continuous way , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in his room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that they go from hand with that are ruthless .
This environment , of being connected , is always connected to our children to <unk> on the number of `` I like '' and the kind of comments that they get .
There 's no division between life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what 's real or what it is .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is digitally manipulated .
What is the most prominent thing in life 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are head covers from girls from now .
<unk> <unk> remain dominating our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> .
For those of the <unk> , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But kids are also immune to this .
Like the sports superheroes , and the <unk> singers .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , we certainly want our children to grow healthy and are good individuals .
But in a culture obsessed by the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , to the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other ways start to suffer .
Six of 10 girls would rather not do something because they think they 're not pretty good enough .
These are not trivial activities .
It 's fundamental activities for its growth as human beings , and as a taxpayers of society and the workforce .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in the classroom ; they 're going to be involved in arguments in the classroom because they do n't want to attract attention to their physical appearance .
One in five are not attending at all the days when you 're not comfortable with it .
And in the test season , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a smaller note to the average of your fellow people who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon is pervasive in Finland , the United States and China .
And it takes regardless of what these young people weigh .
So , to be clear , we 're talking about how you see you , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem of your body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenage teenagers are doing less physical activity , they eat less fruit and vegetables , participate in more unhealthy diet that can bring them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily influenced by the people around them , and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we thought this is all about what they make decisions about , like alcohol consumption and drug consumption , dramatic diets , aesthetic surgery , sexual relationships , early ages and damage and damage .
The perfect body search is pushing into the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who think they 're overweight again , regardless of whether or do n't have higher rates of incarceration .
17 percent of women do n't show a job interview in a day where they do n't feel secure with the way they see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be that opportunity ?
It 's a potential for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body .
We have to help our teens to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and building their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was shocked when I learned that many well-intentioned programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we must make sure that the program that our children follow is not just a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas . The first is the influence of family and friends and relationships .
These six things are critical points for anyone who can provide an education education education working .
An education is fundamental , but tackling this problem requires each of us to take the driver 's seat in the issue , and we 're a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives .
You defy the current status of the women 's current status , and I mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the contributions of our politicians or the size of their breasts , or the size of their breasts , or the success of a Olympic athlete , depends on the fact that it 's not great beauty .
We need to start judging people so they are , not as they look .
All of us can start by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you had a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as businesses , to change our culture , so that our children will grow up to value all their people , valuing their individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put the people that are actually making the difference on a pedestal .
It 's a difference in the real world , let 's make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they see that they 're never seen the <unk> of being who they are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think of what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who do you have in mind ?
Your wife ?
Her sister ?
Your daughter ?
Your niece ? A friend ?
It could be simply the woman who 's two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was released from that voice to <unk> inside , who haunted her for not to have long legs , thighs , a more flat belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we were able to put this out and would say to her potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all .
But let 's take our kids the truth .
They argue that the way you see is only one part of your identity , and the truth is that we love them for those who are and so they make us feel .
<unk> the self-esteem in the rsums of our schools .
Let 's change each of us , the way we talk about and we compare to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of today 's age will become agents of insurance change themselves .
Let 's do it .
On the fifth of November , 1990 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed by the Dominican name of the <unk> Defense League .
At <unk> initially , they testified , but being imprisoned for other minor charges , in company of others , began to plan attacks at about 12 icons in New York , including tunnels , synagogues and the United Nations headquarters .
Luckily , those plans were <unk> by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center , it could n't be avoided .
Later on <unk> would be convicted of your participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with an American mother , an American mother , primary school teacher , the two made all the possible for me to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , that very few , even most Muslims , get to know .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to get the same things in life .
However , in all of religion , in all human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who are <unk> as opposed to their convictions who think that we have to use all the possible media to live in such as them .
A few months before he arrest him , he sat down with me and explained to me that in the last weekends , he and some friends , they 'd been going to test scores in Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We came to the <unk> shot , which , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I got to pull , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder , and explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that shot I gave the little orange light on the goal , and to surprise , for all of us , the whole goal broke out .
My uncle came back to the other and in Arabic , he said <unk> <unk> .
As a parent , a child .
All of all , the comment produced a lot of laughter , but only a few years later I understood what it was so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be condemned by putting a pair they 're loaded with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking lot of the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
I called them `` <unk> , '' which means to be uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times , that instability during my childhood did n't make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about somebody already <unk> and leaving another city .
As I was always my face , I was often a victim of <unk> .
<unk> secret my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the class , silent and <unk> , it was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I was spent at home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , it did n't develop social skills , to be very softly to be <unk> , and I was not prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that I had tested my mindset is during presidential presidential elections .
In a <unk> program I was involved at the Youth National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group went into the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost my whole life , was something that I was feeling a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship , was Jewish .
I took a number of days to go out of the light this detail , and I realized that there was nowhere between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I felt very proud of being able to beat the barrier that all of life had been made me believe that I was <unk> .
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job on Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had been taught me that the <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay people were bad influences .
I happened , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder , less critical ones that I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat a kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of way , exactly the way I would have to be treated .
So that feeling was able to contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me about child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what it is about being homosexual , but I know what is to be judged for something beyond my control .
Then he came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart asked me to be intellectually honest about my <unk> , and helped me see that race of people , religion or sexual orientation , have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my paternal figure in a moment where I was desperately <unk> .
Sometimes , inspiration can come from the unexpected , and a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think , and she told me something to keep my heart forever , while she 's alive .
She looked at me with the tired eye of someone who has suffered enough <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that time , I realized how much negative energy it takes to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why did I go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope someone , one day , who is going to take violence , can be able to hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which even though I went through this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't have to get me a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
Because of the victims of terrorism , talking , against those meaningless acts , like rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the paths of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
Right now there 's a film that 's projected in his minds .
It 's an incredible <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D and has <unk> sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , like your childhood moments that you project in front of your eyes .
And it has constantly a voice superimposed on your flow of conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in straightforward .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the human being .
Each one of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that we know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness of your own .
I 'm not sure you 're conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are n't we just the robots that we get to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie ?
At this point , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible to be a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
Then there 's never a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all of the 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
So psychology studied behavior experience , neuroscience was studying the brain objectively , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs in consciousness .
After 20 years ago , everything started to change .
<unk> as Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now is the time for science to <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work of consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic job that came up with a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling or feeling like being happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness , the questions about what certain areas are doing , and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
<unk> neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problem with consciousness .
Well , do n't address the real mystery of this matter : Why all all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal film ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give you a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like traffic jam , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all emerging behavior cases , how they 're working on traffic , how our hurricanes work , how they breed , they adapt , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms . They 're all <unk> questions .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walked , how we 're talking about , how we 're playing chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is that all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't really have a lot to say .
I 'm a <unk> science <unk> .
I want a theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I was hitting the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms in terms that would work .
But finally , I came to the conclusion that it did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to stand up at this point .
We have a picture of wonderful explanations , so great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains the part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate into our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly , like this , you can need radical ideas , I think we need ideas that at first look crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
His crazy idea is that there 's no such hard problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the subjective subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and that 's how everything needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time I 'm left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks , space , time and mass .
They were fundamental laws that govern , like gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and most fundamental properties are not explaining in terms of anything else .
On the contrary , they consider them to be fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental thing is <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton 's laws , and I applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , space , mass , load , then by the question of logic , you 've got to have a lot of time .
The most natural would be <unk> as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly not the object of science .
It opens the path to deal scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern awareness , the laws that connect awareness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could take them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could take them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called `` <unk> , '' for everybody , <unk> , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart , or to think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of anguish when you think , `` Oh , I always always travel at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , so no .
But the thinking is that maybe photons can have some element of raw , subjective sense , some <unk> precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How did anybody think something crazy ?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea looks like <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more continuous with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that <unk> thinking with the physical process , it 's <unk> awareness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there 's consciousness .
So , you know , we did complex <unk> , like in a human , complex awareness .
More simple data , simple consciousness .
A very exciting thing is that in the recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed it rigorously with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible high grade of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse there is a middle of information integration of information , it 's pretty significant , it 's pretty important consciousness .
But when you get to worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is smaller , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness .
It actually proposes a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate awareness to the physical world .
physicists and philosophers are often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using lots of equations , but we do n't talk about the underlying reality .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where 's the fire of the equations ? ''
Now , from vision , the equations of physics can leave you as they are , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is that you put it into the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of additive .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to restore our relationship with nature , and it can have very serious social and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I did n't have to eat anything that had consciousness , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think thinking about this , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral morality is not both the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha 's artificial intelligence .
Are you conscious ?
According to <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , you have a pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of developing computer systems and the ethics ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the collective collective consciousness , the planet .
Canada has his own consciousness ?
Or a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience in a TED Talk , right now , we have a TED collective awareness , an internal film for this full of TED , different from the inner movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question to take seriously .
So this <unk> vision , is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , that 's the second one that 's universal .
Now , vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and we love it .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't be able to solve overnight .
But I think we 'll finally get to discover it .
Understanding awareness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
We may only need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village on Victoria .
It had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I got stuck with my friends , <unk> my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to have a community award .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's really nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually done nothing . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After the school , I had a <unk> profile in my mother 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series , `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered to be an achievement if we take disability out of the equation .
Years later , being in the second part of teaching in a high school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes at 11 studies , I got a guy up , and he said , `` Hey , when are you going to try and say , `` Hey , when are you going to ask your speech ? ''
I said , `` What do I speak ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the bill of defamation for about good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in the wheels , they talk about things <unk> in school ? ''
`` Normally , in the classroom . ''
And it was then when I realized , this kid had had experiences with disabled people like inspiration objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not the <unk> , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage I 'm doing this in this wheelchair , and probably you 're waiting for it . Right ? Yeah .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm afraid dramatically .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you 've been lied to disability in disability .
Yes , they 've sold us the lie that disability is a little bit of a bad thing , capital , capital M .
It 's something wrong and living with a disability makes you exceptional .
It 's not something bad , and it does n't make you exceptional .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie across social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one , `` Before I abandon , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , of the child without a drawing of drawing with a pencil that 's held by the mouth .
You may have seen a child running with carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the word porn term , because they were attached to a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , let 's look at the disabled people who are without disabilities .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , motivate them , so that we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad as my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the number of times that I 've been talking about bizarre <unk> to express that you think I am brave or an inspiration source , and this was going to happen before my work had a public profile .
It was kind of like me getting up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images are facing people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities .
They 're there so that you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually hard .
So we 're going to get some things out .
But the things that we 're missing is not the things that you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` a disabled , '' deliberately because I was called the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we 're more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very <unk> with it .
It makes the things that I need to do , and I 've learned how to get the best of its capacity as well as you do it , and that 's what happens to the children of those pictures too .
They 're not doing anything outside the common .
They 're just using their bodies by taking up the best of their ability .
So , is it really <unk> in the way we do that , when we share those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it tells you as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they 've sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here -- I 'm getting inspiration , and you think , `` Oh , God , <unk> , are not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know that I am .
I learn from other people with disabilities at all time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
So I learn that this is a great idea to use some barbecue phases to pick up the things that fall down . I learn the ingenious trick of how to charge the phone battery on the chair of the chair .
Great .
We learn from force and resilience of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that they have sold to us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in front of a picture of stairs has n't ever done to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen will not make the subtitles for the deaf people .
We also do n't have a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and failing a positive outlook to turn all those books into braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live in a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're going to be able to get up of the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a kid at 11 grade high school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user user .
The disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you think you know about it .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow without charge ?
Unfortunately , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so , please do n't get wet .
When people think of augmented reality , he thinks in `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise <unk> hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows you to see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what 's a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what is running through the game at 160 miles per hour , the blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man about 110 pounds , <unk> us , trying to keep it out of everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's not nice .
I 'm going to take some videos to show you what you 're using Google Glass under the helmet , and you 'll give them an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not the images of the NFL , because the Cambridge NFL idea is a submarine going up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's see a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . Let 's get a little bit .
Are you ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the <unk> perspective .
You may have noticed that lack of people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington in Washington .
<unk> field : Mice 54 ! Mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about feeling being in the field , but it has nothing to do with the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a field .
or a corridor ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get a full , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift Rift , which probably many of you already know .
The Rift Act has been described as the most realistic reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a rollercoaster to avoid his life .
What 's the experience of a fan when you <unk> a video of Adrian <unk> crossing the line , pulling them out of a <unk> with the arm before they run and do a notation ?
When I could be able to go running through the court , throw it out in the bottom of the network , or do you have a Wimbledon ride ?
What 's your experience when you go from a mountain to more than 100 miles an hour like a Olympic skier ?
Maybe the sales of their infancy is made for adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
<unk> augmented reality when the coaches and the owners and the owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use the technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL in NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> on his field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL placed radio radios on the field of the field <unk> and then in the defenses of the defenses .
They had more spectators , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that it 's a player coming back to your group , and you see your next little show in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing , you do n't have to worry about forget about forget about forget that .
or they memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose parties as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way of playing the game .
How would you do that ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people who are down .
You also get information from the hats and <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is <unk> good teams .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis stop being just nerds .
It 's also for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they 're the field <unk> .
I 'm going to get on the ball and <unk> .
They went to an open receiver , all of a sudden , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> , and you do n't really see it , but the <unk> system .
They went to the protection area .
Another flashlight tells you that there 's an open receiver .
I 'm going to get down the ball , but you 're breaking down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receiver sees its bombsight a area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
He 's coming up , he grabs the ball , he 's running and puts it up .
The public nuts and fans have followed the move from every angle .
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game .
So I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be their favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to do n't .
But what I ask you is : do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to encourage empathy among human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth of .
It generates billions of revenues a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful are their actions from the victim perspective ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it is being haunted ?
How much are it worth also for a Tudor <unk> or a Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of <unk> notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , reality , augmented reality .
The questions that we make , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , depend , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently asked me to retire after 23 years of service in the California <unk> <unk> .
Most of those 23 years , I spent the country down the south end of the county County , including the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known to save the entire view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was opened up in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , a head engineer to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much to test from suicide .
The suicide of the bridge is not practical and unlikely . ''
But from his openness , over 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge .
Some people believe that travel between the two towers will bring them to another dimension , this bridge has become idealized as such as the fall from it you release you from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a drop of four to five seconds , the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which are <unk> organs .
Most of them die in impact .
Those who do n't , normally <unk> in the helpless water and they 're drowned .
I do n't think that you 're going to take this method of suicide , you realize the <unk> of death to you to face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there are 32 inches from parallel steel .
Here 's where most people get to get their life out of their lives .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and at the darker moment , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to a officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who were suicide , but the officers too .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans train and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 last year when he was getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the cords near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason talking with a official Golden Gate officer .
Jason was just 32 years old , and he had flown up to here from New Jersey .
In fact , he had flown up to two times before from New Jersey to try to kill him from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , we asked if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and he sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could be more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
She came out of pests , sorrows , and all kinds of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
A few <unk> , leaned on the right , and it was .
This guy 's kind of kind of kind of smart guy in New Jersey had just got her life off .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the family guy called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
<unk> damage is <unk> people .
I 'm asking you these questions : What would you do if a family member , a friend or loved were suicidal ?
What would you say ?
What would you say ?
In my experience , you do n't just talk , but you have to listen .
Listening to understanding .
You do n't know , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the tipping point you need .
If you think somebody 's suicidal , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask you the question is , `` Other in similar circumstances have thought to end your life , have these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front of them can save her life and be the tipping point for them .
Other signs seek out : despair , to believe that things are terrible and they 're never going to improve ; they 're going to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it , social isolation , and a lost of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January of this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and he 's with her permission and blessing to read it .
`` Hello , Kevin . I imagine you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go on the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends and so on .
I 'm still quite insensitive , but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike will not go home .
Mike was driving to San Francisco to see the MIT game with his father on January 19 .
He never got there .
I called the police officer and reported that as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported that the Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness I had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who may be temporarily <unk> to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been wrong without having a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
<unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go through the way that his son took that day , and also the courage to go forward .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man who I refer to hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I responded to a radio called radio by a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk near the northern tower .
I led my sidewalk on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When I saw it , I cross the railing immediately , and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the next half time , I heard as Kevin talked about their depression and hopelessness .
And Kevin decided to tell you that day will come back on that lane and give it another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was it that he made you go back and gave the hope and another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I 've heard me .
I 'd leave you to talk to you and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to get it out .

Honestly , I think Kevin was teaching for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been correctly properly .
I took Kevin when I was only six months old , completely unconscious of all of those traits we 're going to do , but because of God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We give it thanks to God for you .
It was really in debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end of it , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited St. Francisco 's Hospital that night , you 're getting sick as the patient .
`` Wow , I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and active limb .
It talks openly about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that their story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing its own pain , I 'm robbery to meet him .
This is what 's about suicide .
For most of the suicide people , or those who consider suicide , you would not think of someone else .
They just want their own pain to end up .
Typically , this is only three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've responded and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls of suicide around the bridge .
Of those incidents where I 've been directly involved , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who told him about an hour .
During that time , I 'm holding my hand in three occasions .
At the end , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of the people we get to contact with that bridge do n't kill themselves .
In addition , those few people have jumped on the bridge and lived , and they can talk about it , that one percent or two , most of those people have said that the second one who leaves the railing they realized they had made a mistake , and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that every single one of us should be able to do .
suicide can prevent .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but you know what you are , and a question you 're like , how do you become that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had since I had since .
My outside , finally , with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , I 'm going to be ahead of myself , when I look at this picture , I think , you did n't get it up , you got it . You arrived .
But last October last October , I discovered I 'm just starting .
We 're all <unk> our families , our religion , our society , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some people have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the color of the skin , or the beliefs of those around us .
They 're people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called epiphany .
This is mine .
I was recorded as `` kid '' at birth because of my genital appearance .
I remember at five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why are you always wearing that shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to come up .
The gender has always considered a unchanging fact , but we now know that , really , it 's a bit more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I would never tell you to share my story , not because I thought I 'll be what I 'm wrong , but how the world is all about those of us who want to get free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have a mom , Dad and a family that 's just accepting me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I was still wearing man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a <unk> beauty contest .
That night she asked me , `` Why do n't you have involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He said to me that if she was going to be responsible for expenses fees and costume , and that night , I won in my bathroom , I won in a hand suit , and there was a third finalist among 40 candidate candidate .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty <unk> .
Not many people can say that their first job was queen of beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the god of <unk> , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly than all of that , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom had moved to San Francisco , he called me and told me that passed my green card request that could go to the United States .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then , two weeks later , I called me and said , `` Do you know that if you 're silent to America , you can change the name and your identity of gender ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to put me two and my name .
And she was accompanied by me when I got surgery in Thailand at 19 years .
It 's curious that in some of the rural cities of Thailand to do the most rural , sophisticated surgeries .
At the time in the United States , we had to have surgery have been done before the name and gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and `` F . ''
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly , my fears saw me .
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and it will be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York City who wrote his truth , but he <unk> , he put his life in end .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that you live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November we do a global vigil for the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood in front of injustice .
These are Marsha Mayor of Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't continue to live my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , no fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day there was no more than November 20 in November .
My deeper truth took me to accept what I am .
Will you do that .
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure , first of all my blessings .
My own support network , my parents , especially to my family , which is very strong .
I remember all the times I have been to young young women , which I 've trained , and sometimes , when they called me and told me that their parents could n't accept it . I would take the phone , she called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , all of us was assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table , which is that sometimes it does n't block , and there should be a space that would allow people to do it , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
I should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies , the parents generally know you for your children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
He started his campaign for education in defending his rights in 2007 , and when he was released his efforts in 2011 , by giving the National Prize Youth Prize , he became very famous , a very popular girl in her country .
Before that , it was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if I took a look at human history , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in the patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when we were born a girl , their birth is not celebrated .
I 'm not welcome , not for your father , not for your mother .
The neighborhood comes , it gives her <unk> to mother , and no one <unk> father .
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a little girl .
When I first give birth to the first girl , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , he was <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter . The newborn daughter , when it grows , he suffers from too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it 's left home and the school admits of her brothers .
Up to age 12 , somehow , you have a good life .
You can amuse .
You can play with your friends on the street , and it can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when he comes into adolescence , when he runs 13 , he 's never banning it out of his house without a male driver .
It 's confined to four walls of their house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the name of his father and her brothers and his brothers and her family , and if they were <unk> the code of that honor , he could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this is an honor code , not only does it affect a young girl 's life , it also affects the life of male male members .
So this brother , <unk> the joy of his life and happiness of her sisters in the name of the honor .
And there is one more norm of the patriarchal societies that 's called compliance .
It 's supposed to be a good girl should be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the children 's decisions , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or whether you marry an old man , you have to accept it , because it does n't want to be predicted by <unk> .
If you 're very young , you have to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens to the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` People marry it , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson on his daughter and the same lesson of honor to her children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
I got brothers and sisters , when they were born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like the newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And so long before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and I called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I took a line from my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half years old .
You might ask , why should I mention a girl admission in a school ?
Yeah , I must mention .
They can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for the child 's life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that he has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when I went through the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document .
That was the reason I value my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters and her daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and my daughter 's <unk> .
He 's going to sit down with me when my friends came to me .
He dared to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to get it into his personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to <unk> .
I 've happened all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , I taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
He taught the students to forget the lesson from called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , fighting for more rights for women , and we were fighting to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all political and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned to go to school .
Women were forced to be <unk> and stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the <unk> girls and the singers killed .
<unk> millions , but a few talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people that kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , I got up and got up through the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he offered her same for New York Times documentaries , and he spoke on every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
They 're <unk> as a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could n't tolerate his campaign and nine in October 2012 , he was shot in his head .
It was one day for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered to my wife , `` Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please do n't get wet .
<unk> the fair cause .
<unk> your life in play for the cause of truth , because of the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
Both of them were on the right path and God protecting . ''
These few words were very much for me , and I did n't get back .
When I was <unk> in the hospital , and I had severe pains and strong headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was <unk> by the face of my wife .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm fine with my smile to you and with the <unk> in my face .
I 'm going to do it right . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we 're getting bored .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the most difficult moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for women 's rights and women , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He cries out when he does n't end his task .
You fight with your brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's special in my mentoring that has made me so bold to <unk> , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
I did n't know what I did n't .
I did n't cut her wings , and that 's everything .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was operated on the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I am engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> in my office -- the <unk> of visualizing Google <unk> , but all the work that I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did it before I joined Google or out of my work .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get to a brain operation .
Do you still be like smart or not ?
Do n't you be able to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the sticky sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide what quantity to take , over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if it did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , over the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mixes of chemicals , and try to get it , to go on with life .
More than once I 've saved it .
But luckily , I have a <unk> soul , so I decided to do that to try to get the <unk> dose , because there 's really no clear map that I mean by <unk> .
I started to test with different mixes , and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose would change my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way to think , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried a dose and chemical chemicals for a young man , and I was amazed at how I changed my thoughts .
I was always angry , I was thinking about all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've ever met many kinds of guys like this , or maybe some versions of it .
It turned out like an extreme .
But my big surprise was that I was not trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a so insecure , to fix a problem that I had in front of it , and it just does n't happen like this .
So I could n't handle it .
I changed my doses .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through , and since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do is I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and operation , and my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I usually think almost always in images , and that became my key reference point : how can I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ? Testing ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thinking is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes , and Hobbes the things similar .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today there are people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me , it 's simple for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to thought and inventive thinking .
And so , after several years , I managed to find the point right , and I have already lots of great <unk> , mental <unk> , really , very sophisticated and structured and structured ones .
Now , I 'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what if a movie director would be able to use its imagination only to lead the world to the front ?
Or if a musician could extract the music from his head ?
There 's incredible possibilities with this , as the way the creative people can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty in achieving this is simply to increase the resolution of our scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting this with two recent experiments done by two groups that are done in neuroscience .
Both of MRI technologies , MRI , functional MRI , to represent the brain . Here you can see brain scanning by <unk> <unk> and your Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows you a brain scan of a person looking at a picture .
The average column shows a brain scan of that same individual as I imagined , seeing that same image .
The column on the right is actually created the contents of the central column on the side of the left -- you see the difference is almost sex .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between looking at a picture and imagine seeing that same image is almost sex .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is the lab of Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They managed to turn brain waves into recognizably visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , I showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they 're tracking their brains to create a big reaction pool set in front of video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as long as you 're going to get a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain information in the scan of the scan of this scan to show what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right you can see the choices of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This gave us <unk> .
We 're right near that .
We only need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , you think of the brain the same mapping .
This was led to the brain scanning systems of biggest resolution scanning systems today , and its resolution increased as a thousand times over the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution of a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we do that ?
There are many techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not giving you for that .
Many are proposing new techniques of projection from images , even me , with the recent result of MRI , first we have to ask ourselves the following , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , more <unk> magnets only offer small improvements in resolution , not increases by thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , make better magnets .
We can make structures much more complex with slightly different arrangements , like doing a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
Over the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make large magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent breakthroughs in <unk> of neat , brilliant , brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and <unk> <unk> in MRI systems .
At once , instead of a uniform field , we use magnetic patterns installed by the frequencies of FM radio frequencies .
So when you combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of your FM radio processing patterns , we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge of the brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not only the <unk> blood fluid , but the hormones and the <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas into direct ways to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move over language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is something big .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure for Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We have few choices more than opening this door .
Anyway , pick up a year , can happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it 's going to take much more .
We need to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have closets .
Your closet probably is to tell someone for the first time you love her or telling someone who 's pregnant , or saying to somebody who has cancer , or any other hard conversation that you have gone through in life .
My whole closet is a hard conversation , and even though our issues can vary , the experience of having lived , and I 've got to have come out of that closet to be universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side Side <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several stages of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I did n't make my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'll be slope that by the <unk> of my short pants , and I got my head my head , I was doing a little kid , `` Hey , you 're a kid or a girl ? ''
And it would be silent silence on the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a coffee leave .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and <unk> inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that next time I would say something .
You should have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was prepared , and I was about to get into the women 's issues on the table . I had the dates of Betty <unk> .
The Gloria Steinem dates .
Even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues , '' that would show .
So I took a deep breath , and I got the look at my back , a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at what it 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a little girl with a question : `` Are you a kid or girl ? ''
And so I took a deep breath back , I had a lot of lots of lots of lots of lots of lots and I said , `` Hey , I know this is kind of confusing .
I have the short hair like one of a kid 's kid , and I saw a kid clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable dress .
I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl stares at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that 's all . It 's just `` Oh , when you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest hard conversation ever ever had .
And why ? Because the girl from the <unk> and I , they were honest with one another .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some notes in my life , and I know , often , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But in the dark , you ca n't know how color the walls are .
You just know how one feels living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
I 'm sure , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why to get out of my closet , it was harder than coming out of yours , but this is the thing : how hard it is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me that explain to someone who have mad banking , is more difficult than telling them that he 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story I 'm telling is harder than saying to your five-year-old who are going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only hard .
We need to stop classify what 's hard about how hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our cabinets , and we need to just feel empathy because we all live something hard .
At some point in our lives , we all live in closets , and they may make them feel safe , or at least safety than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I , that I had a horse tail , a dress and six feet tall .
It was n't smart lesbian ready to fight for any child in four who would go into the coffee .
It was frozen by the fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay grenade , and it will only move a muscle that 's ever done .
My family , my friends , whole strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to do not disappoint , and now the world turned around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all been followed for so long , but if you do n't throw it out , I 'll kill you .
One of my most memorable records was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time a lot of guests knew that he was gay , and when I did my Lady lady who was in my black dress and heels .
And after talking a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun .
`` <unk> , were you ever in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yes , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never been there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , do you know my Antonio Banderas ? ''
It 's really good , and it 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ? ''
Our favorite show ? Will and Grace .
And you know who loves ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but I 'm waiting for desperately his support , to get me to know that I was on my side , finally he said , `` Well , I sometimes get my husband 's shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at the time , like you have all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but to work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
That 's how hard conversations remain without being my strong point .
Ask anyone who I have left .
But I 'm getting better , and I still like to call the three principles of the Girl <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it means out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
<unk> armor . Be you .
That girl in the coffee I had no armor , but I was ready for battle .
If you want someone to be genuine , others have to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Just <unk> . <unk> your <unk> .
If you know they 're gay , <unk> .
If you say their parents , maybe they could be gay , they will hold the hope that that could change .
They wo n't give them a false sense of hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- let 's give the complex .
You communicate their truth .
You would never get distracted by that .
And some of them can be wounded secure , they 're going to take care of what they 've done , but I never 'm sorry for what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you will feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are expectations about what you are , but not your own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find in a dark closet , I would get a grenade down , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the <unk> .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen , a significant example has been the famous quote of <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a machine can think of it is as interesting as the question of if an submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a criticism of computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
So let 's step back .
Let 's start with a mental experiment .
So imagine that they 're an alien race , which you do n't know about the biology of Earth and not from neuroscience from Earth or not intelligence on Earth , but that you have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth , and you have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason is that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're an alien race that you do n't know anything about this , that you have no concept of intelligence on Earth , you would see a physical theory that would explain how , even a moment in time , the asteroids that are going to be on the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it .
And so I claim that this is the same question that understanding the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I conducted a number of years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , which pointed out , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be fixed by the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the developing state of universal states that we will provide the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks .
And so by taking all these different issues and <unk> together , I asked , I asked , for several years : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can get from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E = <unk> for intelligence that I 've ever seen .
So what you 're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or keep the open options , with a force force , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , until an impending future time .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to get stuck .
Their intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep open choices .
And so , in account this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How crazy is it ?
Do you have the level of human intelligence ?
Do we have artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that make more mess , or `` entropy , '' in their life , should have a tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection <unk> between entropy and intelligence is going to have a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlates with the production of entropy entropy , but actually arises directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize entropy 's production production in any system where it is found inside .
Surprisingly , <unk> could go through multiple animal intelligence , play games of human intelligence , and even earn money by trading money , all of it without that that would be asked to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human standing without falling off , here we see <unk> balancing automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided for his account to balance the post .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite ends of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can run a version of the task model .
This ability of cooperation has really interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
So , for example , here we see them successfully playing a game of injustice against themselves , and they will promote their potential for play .
Here we see <unk> orchestrate new connections in a social network where friends are constantly constantly and keeping their success on the very connected network .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , in energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a ship fleet , discovering successfully and using Panama and using the Panama Canal to extend its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in problems in defense and logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and running a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of actions , successfully increase assets under their exponentially fisheries .
This ability to risk management will have huge applications in finance and in secure .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derived from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back to the very first use of the term , the <unk> work -- there was always the concept that if we get smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
The machines looked against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion in the reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become smart and then <unk> and try to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , the impulse to take control of all possible future control is a more fundamental principle than intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , rather than the other way around .
Another important consequence is the search for objective .
I 'm often asked , `` How is it that you look for goals from this kind of frame ? ''
My equivalent of that statement to go through the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence has to be seen as a physical process trying to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points to Earth is only one of the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data picked up by Kepler shows the size of the planets in addition to the distance between them and their mother star .
So together , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and Rocky like the planets land in our solar system , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
At this time , this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure treasure of potentially habitable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The 2014 year was the hottest record .
<unk> and sea ice that has been with us for us for the millennia now , they 're disappearing in a matter of decades now .
These environmental changes that we have caused on global scale , have moved quickly our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not a scientific scientist , no astronomer .
But we study the <unk> of the planet influenced by stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as someone really interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets we look for Earth-like planets , more of our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered and planets that we know better about : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little further from the Sun , you can consider a potentially habitable world showing this for a mission as Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study both to Mars .
Our <unk> like the `` Curiosity '' track their surface is looking for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites orbiting them , like the <unk> mission , take samples of the Martian atmosphere , and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their <unk> .
Their private companies are now providing not only space flights but also the potential to live on Mars .
But even though all these <unk> images remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked to our imagination with the <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that are still by colonize , places really compared to Mars .
Even in the hardest and highest places on Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen provided by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement about the colonization of Mars and other planets , drag a great and sad shadow : the implication and the belief that Mars is waiting for to save us from this particular planet that we know that is truly habitable , the Earth .
For a lot that I 'm like to like exploration exploration , I 'm deep disagree with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is like figuring out the captain of the Titanic to be able to be a place later on life 's boats . Thank you .
But the goals for <unk> exploration and land preservation is <unk> .
No , they 're actually expensive the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
<unk> environments present in our world look like alien aliens .
They 're just closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain these habitable spaces , in the hostile and inhospitable areas of the land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment : paradox of Fermi .
A lot of years ago , Dr. Enrico Fermi asked , in mind that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far .
Well , where are you ?
Well , one possible solution to Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced advanced enough to consider living between the stars , they lose the notion of how important the planets is to protect the origin of the planets .
It 's arrogant to think that it 's just <unk> to be able to save us from ourselves , but <unk> planetary exploration , they can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to tackle hostile environments to human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I would get my own house .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window who were on the dining table , where I had left it .
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and all of these were fine .
I thought I 'll call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from Jeff 's friend to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning , and my suitcase and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but it 's sure that it 's not more expensive than a half to the night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I 'm just going to stop .
I 'm a career neuroscientist , and I know a little about how the brain works under stress .
It liberates your heart rate increases , <unk> levels of adrenaline and <unk> thinking .
And when I got to the <unk> counter , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in place , that can prevent bad things happen .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that you 'll have the probability of a total catastrophe .
So , I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts would not be <unk> .
I was dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize winner , and a little embarrassed I talked about I broke the window , and that I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a retrospective retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years before , known as <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come out and try to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains Danny , you 're looking forward and tries to figure out all the things that might go wrong , then trying to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , some of them are not so obvious .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
At the house , we 'll make a place for the things that are easily lost .
This sounds of common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science supporting this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to make track of the location of the important things , where it 's good , where the fish are , that places the <unk> trees live , where tribes live , where tribes live and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was located in the London <unk> .
It 's the part of the brain that allows them to find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody actually did the experiment , they cut the <unk> sense of squirrels and still find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move too much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing car keys , reading glasses and passports .
So at home , I 'm going to make a place for the keys , a hook next to the door , perhaps a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading glasses , a particular coffee table .
If you take a place , and you 're <unk> with it , your things will always be there when you look for it .
What about travel ?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card , license driving , <unk> , <unk> by email to themselves so that they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal , this can make substitution easier .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
cortisol is toxic and <unk> .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress is not at the best time , and you have to put the systems on its site .
And there 's maybe no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we 're all in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for medical decisions , and in fact for social decision-making and social decisions , any kind of decision that you need to take from which you would benefit a rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of heart disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard of the <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most targeted drugs in the world today . It 's even likely to know people who take them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should do then , a statistic that you should ask for which most doctors do n't want to talk about , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to have surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistic <unk> is that ?
Number number must be one .
My doctor did n't give me something if I was n't to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the estimates estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only from 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number you need to deal with the most widely prescribed <unk> , which you think is ?
How many people have to take it before helping a person ?
300 .
Now , this by the research of researchers to cynics succeed and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I 'm exploring the numbers .
300 people have to take a drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke , or another date .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 to slow down my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more bit of statistics , and it is , `` <unk> of the side effects . ''
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced by five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating muscle pain and articulate , GI pain , but now they think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still to take medicine . ''
But a moment .
Now remember , under stress you do n't think of clarity .
So think of how we 're going to look at this over time , so they do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped them , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that will help you .
I 'm not saying they should not take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying that you have to have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires , is part of the principle of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to initiate the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
You 're probably thinking that I 've launched this number in the air in the value of the clash , but actually this number needs to treat is quite typical .
For the surgery that 's the most is done in the older men in the 1950s , <unk> of prostate cancer , the number necessary to try is 49 49 .
That 's what it is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they produce in 50 percent of the patients .
They include the helplessness or erectile failure , urinary incontinence , we 're going to bring fecal incontinence , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects , just a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you can make up the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this in the act .
And they also want to think of the quality of life .
Because you have an option many times , you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain in the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can actually change the heat of the time , but unless you 're trained in this kind of thought .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol under stress , and one of the things that happens at that point is that they turn a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if the body is spending metabolism in those things , it does n't react quickly . You could get to the lunch line , so nothing that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the logical logic , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we 're all failing .
We 're all going to fail when .
The idea is to think about the future how those failure could be , to put the systems in the place that will help minimize harm , or to stop the bad things happen in the first place .
I went into the snow snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor set up a lock of combination next to the door , with a key input on the front door , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I have n't ordered , and lots of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization like a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , <unk> , is my favorite music symbol .
It means gently play .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> on the score , you need to play more gently .
Two <unk> , even more smooth .
Four <unk> , extremely smooth .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see that it does n't matter how many thousands of <unk> and thousands of <unk> may have ever been a complete silence .
That 's my definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the U.S. American system , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over the decade in 1800 , and over time , they mixed with local signs , and it developed the language that we know today as <unk> .
So , it has a story of about 200 years .
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , I realize that it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , really , in my mind every day .
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs , behaviors and norms without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
So I 'm learning and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise from eating the bag of potato chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure no scratch the covered in the dish . ''
All of this is called sound tag .
Maybe I think on the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm a <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for nervousness , which is going to be next .
Hence this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , for continuing .
<unk> , for announce .
You can see that the <unk> does n't have any notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and spots .
In the deaf culture , movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the sign for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , to be doing it with my thumb so it does n't feel natural .
That 's why I only have four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic house there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and while I went from one place to another , I realized that there were no visual art there .
At the time , the sound was the trend , and that called me attention .
There were no visual art , it was all hearing .
Now the sound has entered my art territory .
Is it going to make me happier ?
I realized it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it 's not just experienced through your ears .
I can feel it in a tactile way , or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that had been taught to me in the sound of sound , I decided to leave it .
I started to create a new working body .
And when I presented it to the art community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could well get to me and my artistic work , or I could empower it .
I chose to <unk> me .
There 's a mass culture around the spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is like it did n't have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way I 'm able to be relevant in the current society .
So in school , in work and institutions , work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for her voices to make her voices , I 'm able to keep a temporary form of value on something like taking a loan with a very high interest .
If you would n't continue with this practice , I feel that I could be able to hold it into oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by looking at the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture , and to express it fully on paper .
And the same thing can be said about a <unk> concept .
And both of them are very , very highly <unk> space , which means subtle changes can affect everything as much of the signals as the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you can understand better how the <unk> works .
So imagine a piano .
<unk> is divided into many different kinds of parameters .
If you mapping a different parameter for every finger while you play the piano , like facial expression , the body 's movement , the speed , the speed , the shape of your hand and so , while you play the piano , the English is a linear language , as if you 've got only a key to the time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers at the time to express a concept of clear or <unk> .
If only a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the sign of that .
This is the signal `` <unk> . ''
I 'm seeing you .
<unk> .
Oh , I 'm <unk> .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , good !
So , I put myself thinking , and if I see how I look at it through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign and get it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun comes out and gets .
This is `` all day . ''
If you 're <unk> and <unk> the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can be said of `` all night . ''
All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how the time is expressed in <unk> and how the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present becomes closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is a long time ago .
Then , `` past . ''
`` Common Time '' is a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' I think automatically , `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : right hand , E : left hand .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ 2 : <unk> , long-distance limb , ] [ In ] [ <unk> ] [ In ] chest : E , limb limb , I 'm going to show you a flashlight of the hand called a flashlight .
Can you do it with me ?
All of the hands in high .
Now we 're going to do so much in your head like the chest , something like the common time , or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` fall in love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in every culture and signs of signs around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me with me .
And again .
It 's `` illumination . ''
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization , '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job .
Notice how the three signs are very similar . Everyone happens in your head and your chest , but they transmit very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , like music .
But today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sound , it does n't have social value .
We need to start question what defines social value and allowing the <unk> to grow its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that we do n't have to be deaf to learn how to learn how to hear <unk> .
<unk> is a treasure treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents were telling me , `` You can take it all , but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or a bubble of ignorance , I should say , because adults would lie to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I found out that the adults also <unk> , and that they 're not very good at cleaning each other .
The time I happened , I 'm now an adult and I teach citizens and invention in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and no , it 's not drinking alcohol , and if he 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big vessels and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them into this information on a map .
But it 's hard for eternity , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use these huge boats .
So along with my students , with ages of six to 15 years , dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny little classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this <unk> coffee table so that children very <unk> can also participate .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
We do that .
I 'll leave it to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to figure it into something that we hope to work .
So we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited with robots .
Then we quickly created what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so quick in prototyping that we end before lunch .
And we transform light bulbs and cameras on accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the bits of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer computer process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
I 'm going to make this invention step at a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone gets better better .
So the cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to get it right away .
I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very data-driven kids .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you 're stuck with this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning a oil spill , only using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised , because this is the water you drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water where fish are in , the place where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown , mud and oil are also brown color , and when it 's mixed , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a very first prototype of a magazine that can burn through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help to identify what 's in the water .
So we had this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh .
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help each other .
I can research a problem at a distance , I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French , and you may remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that had a lot of giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed various cities on the coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear power plant near the water .
And today , according to an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant into the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation from Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that the majority of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've become Fukushima every year from the crash and research independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to bring children .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents did n't allow them .
But every night we reported to the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the job seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with their entire life .
Together with them , we discussed data that day , and we talk about what we were going to do after , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created an elevation map , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate rain .
And with this , we could see that the radioactive powder was reminded from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the nearest to the nuclear central nuclear .
We get closer to a mile of nuclear power , and with the fishermen of the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a tracker tracker as we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's increasingly frustrating , because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things .
So the classroom became a little bit small therefore , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we convert it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become reality with adults , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the elderly people transforming their standard wheels in new electrical vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , citizens , creators , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation to you all about the environment and people , and so that I can really do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposite design cultures .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , the other one of one silk thread .
One is synthetic , the other organic .
One is over the environment , the other believed it .
One is designed by nature , the other one .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at gross marble , he saw a figure that fights for being free .
<unk> was only <unk> by Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we have all of the information required for each cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the design world has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , and we will promote the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as <unk> of discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin <unk> pores .
The fur on the back are thicker with small pores .
You 're actually acting mainly as filter , the other mainly as the barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : no longer , there is no <unk> .
It 's a system that vary gradually its functionality through variation in elasticity .
Here 's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world , twice as a personality of every designer and an architect at work currently between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shows in both screens behind me .
My job , at the simplest level , is trying to bring these two visions of the world , moving away from the assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why was n't this possible 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird time , where four disciplines are to have access designers to access to tools that we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We design objects , products , structures and tools through scales , large-scale , like this robotic arm , with a scope of 24 meters in diameter with a force that 's not very distant to print whole buildings , and graphs made of genetically modified .
Here we have made the latticework on , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every opening is very large size to shape the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion parade in Paris with <unk> <unk> . It 's like a second skin made of a single piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with a 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and skirt with no seams between cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines <unk> materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments , it allows us to design products that are <unk> not just the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair simultaneously , comfortable and also absorb sound .
The teacher Carter , my collaborator , we went back to nature to inspire , and when we design this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We 're going to have this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
His surface , like in nature , varies with the addition of other material , or other assembly , but continuously continuously , but continuously continuously , but continuously continuously .
But is the ideal nature ?
There 's no parts in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them came up and came to define a lot of what it matters to me .
As she <unk> , `` In the third day of the Creation , God leads to the Earth to grow a tree , <unk> tree . ''
For that first tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and sound .
All the tree was an fruit .
Instead , the land grew trees with branches , bark , stems and flowers .
The Earth created a world made of parts .
I often ask , `` What would the design look like if objects were made from a single piece ?
Do you take a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material that 's the tree of the tree , and we found it .
The second <unk> <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons of organisms being produced every year as shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
And we thought that if we could tune in their properties , we could generate structures called a single piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a lot of shrimp husks and <unk> them and produced <unk> paste .
<unk> the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard , opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple nozzles of <unk> <unk> .
So the robot could vary the properties of the material on the process and create these structures made of a single footage three of them , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves them dry and find a natural form of contact with air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used for the very first time on the planet three billion years ago , like we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , we will have <unk> the genetically engineered bacteria to capture a little carbon of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without mesh problems , and if extend even more , windows .
It 's a <unk> tree of fruit .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure that made of shrimp husks in a architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for <unk> objects , on the sea , <unk> marine life ; and put them on the ground , they will help grow a tree .
The challenge for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for <unk> travel .
To do that , we need to master bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made additive and biological form .
I like to think of synthetic biology , like the liquid alchemy , only instead of creating beautiful metals , new biological capabilities are represented inside very small channels .
This field is called disappearing .
<unk> our own 3D channels to control the flow of these bacterial bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , there are two microorganisms combined .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria living in the human intestine .
One becomes the light in sugar , the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms are not interacting in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothes .
Think of it as evolution , not natural selection , but evolution of design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , which is to help you flow these bacteria and make it through their way .
So we started to grow these channels in the human body , we would promote the properties of the material according to desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we get more transparent channels .
This wearable digestive system , when you stretch from one end to another , 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as we 're going to be at TED , our first toddler wearable channels , brilliant liquid channels with life within clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're fashion creatures , only half is made . ''
What happens if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
And what if we could create personal <unk> that we would get our skin , do n't get damaged tissue and get into our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer is printed material in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do that .
It grows . They 're growing up with sophistication .
This part of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which it was <unk> .
<unk> is not additive about this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , linking those fibers to each other .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first turn on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then starts to get down a cocoon of compression .
<unk> and compression , the two forces of life , manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the spinneret .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , by putting the silk worm on a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that we would have a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started to design different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that shape , composition , the structure of the cocoon , it 's transmitted directly by the environment .
You often have the silk worms to death within your cocoons , your silk disappears and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could shape raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
<unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a robot called the silk templates , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that silk worms were going to lead to darker and cold areas , so we used a solar diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays from light and heat , distributing silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to receive the tracks .
We asked silk worms to a silk farm online .
And after them , four weeks , they were prepared to get down with us .
We put them carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding of scaffolding , and as they were <unk> , <unk> , put eggs , and life starts again , like us , but a lot shorter .
RickK said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
By getting biological silk on the <unk> silk , they give all this pavilion its integrity .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , they give silk worms 4,000 miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
One <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other full , empty arm .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must bring these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at first .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature of the design , which demands us , for the first time , to make us care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old you had when you first asked this ?
You can keep your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I did n't have any interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English , the slam and the art and the website , and I was playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard about us .
And generally I like to try and persist anyway , for having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But eventually this sense of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to shave on something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to focus on it , and I 'm going to let myself absorb , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found mine , '' and then again this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing I had to deny all of my other passions , and I thought I had <unk> .
Another reason I made so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something wrong with me for nothing .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or to my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I would like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask you then .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate meaning for evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned : they learned from culture .
We ask ourselves first , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
When we have about five years .
And the truth is , nobody cares about what they were at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to trigger cute responses in kids like , `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to have a Halloween suit here .
So this question we 're doing over and over again as we grow in the middle of different forms , the average example , to high school students are asked to pick them up .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the pretty exercise of exercise before you have sleep .
Why ?
Now , if this question is inspired by kids to dream about what they might be , it does n't inspire everything that might be .
In fact , it 's just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , although well-intentioned adults are maybe laughing , and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be a artisan of violins and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob carpeting and he 's a artisan of violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , a magazine publisher in <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is that they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of destiny or the real calling , the idea that every one of us has something to spend during their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But what if you 're not connected to this way ?
What happens if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that want to do ?
There 's no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel that you do n't have a goal .
And feeling there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is somebody with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath like that .
It could help if you divide it into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms , which is the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was okay with it in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
<unk> any term you like or <unk> yourself .
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one single identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you have to beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in being this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : <unk> 's synthesis .
That is , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed its shared interests on cartography , visualization , math , math and design , when I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry .
A <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's what new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points at intersection .
The second superpower superpower is learning fast .
When we <unk> ourselves in something , we 're going to do it .
We looked at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , because we 've been a lot of times in the past , and this means that we 're less afraid to try new things and get out of our comfort zones .
Many skills are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new area that we pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a full-time and independent writer .
As a child pianist opened an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> <unk> .
Before I was a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the finest sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling tosses for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to go to what you 're attracted to , even if at the end of it .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower superpower is adaptability . It 's the ability to transform anything that 's needed in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other people , `` web designer , '' and sometimes a Kickstarter of Kickstarter , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes he would look , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take apart different roles , depending on the needs of their customers .
The <unk> Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the market needs , which we actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , fast learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that you could lose if you 're stressed out to reduce your goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in foster to the <unk> that are themselves .
We have complex , multidimensional problems right now , and we need not conventional creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they 're in their heart , specialists .
<unk> from the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you .
In fact , some of the best teams make up a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deeper and put ideas in ideas , and the <unk> provides a amplitude of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all have to design lives and careers that we 're going to do with the way we 're connected to .
And unfortunately , they 're very encouraging them to be encouraging them to simply be more like their specialized <unk> .
Now , once I said this , if there 's one thing that you get from this talk , I hope that it is : <unk> with the wiring wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're <unk> for all the media .
That 's where you give the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , <unk> with their many passions .
Follow his curiosity from those <unk> of rabbit .
They 're doing intersections .
<unk> our inner wiring takes us to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year 1901 , a woman called <unk> took her to a psychiatric institution .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember the most basic details of his life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
You know , I did n't know how to help <unk> , but I would get it up until , unfortunately passed away in 1906 .
After his death , they did an autopsy , and they found strange plates and they found it in the <unk> brain , of a guy who had never seen before .
Even more surprising .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give her more aid than the one that he did the <unk> gave forward as fad .
It was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
From 1901 , medicine has moved a lot .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But a little bit of progress has progressed in Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm a part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million around the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million that , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 or more , your chance to get Alzheimer 's is almost one of two .
In other words , there is the likelihood that they spend their years ago with Alzheimer 's or helping care of a friend or loved Alzheimer 's disease .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's care costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spends in Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and their costs do require an increase in five times by 2050 , as the generation of the boomers .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the biggest medical challenges of our generation .
But it 's made relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death of the world , Alzheimer 's disease is the only one that you ca n't prevent , cure or even slow your development .
We understand less than Alzheimer 's disease , because we spend less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and cause a similar number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what little people know , but everybody should , Alzheimer 's disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last few years , everyone , even the scientists , get Alzheimer 's disease .
We think that we 're going to be <unk> in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with one patient Alzheimer 's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to unleashed severe loss of memory and mental skills , damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's disease significantly reduces the lifespan of life , and it 's always fatal .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and bizarre , in the <unk> brain , a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami .
There are places in the paper that are being denied .
And when it folds well , these would be out of those friends in the inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some of them would be out of that outside .
This makes the molecules of protein stick with each other , forming groups that can form big plates and forth .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's disease .
We 've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and the identification of which step block is complex , like defuse a bomb .
I could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that locks it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of the wires have reduced the wires and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , a geneticist , chemists , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now , you 're testing a new kind of drugs that will block specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
Nobody out of our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's see some videos of what happened to test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they 're moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have a molecules of protein that are thrown into each other , like in humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After piling years of waiting , there 's real hope for what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to get that hope , to beat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We have to pretend that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we 're trying to do it , we can <unk> them .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have the most <unk> research and time pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move forward to HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk to themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones day and night , are often too much <unk> to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's is not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help to demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the spinal Love column in New York Times in January of this year .
To fall in love with somebody else , do this .
The paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and of my own experience when I was trying to test myself last summer night .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers will be able to get 36 and more personal questions , and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions here .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 'd get to another person ?
And just ?
<unk> , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : This really likes your mate what you like about it or she -- I know very honest about this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to someone you 've just known .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really caught me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later , and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , I had somebody who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
However , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the sent to the column , so I send it a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's August , so I guess some of you will probably be wondering : keep together still ?
And the reason I think you 're asking this is because I 've done this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
A week before the article was being published was very nervous .
I had been working on a romantic book over the last few years , so I had been reminded of writing about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would reach probably a few thousand views .
And that has a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But it had no idea .
The paper ran on a Friday at night , and on Saturday , this happened in traffic traffic .
And Sunday , I had already called the Today Show and Good <unk> America .
In one month , the paper received over eight million hits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster confidence with sincerity about your own love experiences , but something else is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news , and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people were calling or writing , what they did every day for weeks , they were always doing the same question : they still go together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick pursuit in the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` still follow together ? ''
And several messages appeared immediately .
They were students and journalists and foreign strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey <unk> where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately became red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's experiences , who included the readers of readers when I study it with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both do a public emergence together .
I had television interviews , and he refused to take orders of us two .
I think that I was afraid to become the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , a range of which I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people made the wrong question .
How do we know if we would follow together or not , and also would say it ?
If the answer was not , would the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this study in 1997 , and there , the research goal was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal atrium among college students , using what Aron called <unk> , progressive , reciprocal and reciprocal .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants felt more close after doing that . Several studies also used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it among members of the police and the community , and they used it among people of reverse political ideologies .
The original version of history , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately , it never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and told me with shyness : I tried the study and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled for it .
And I said , `` Do you mean that you get rid of the person with you ? ''
He made a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
So , but became better friends ?
Did you feel that they were able to get better than testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which I was supposed to do all my adult life , and he was my first real love , and he had no idea how or she could live without him .
So I turned to science .
And so I did this all I could find about the science of romantic love , and I hoped that that could sort of have a certain way to get the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just did this for the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I had been built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad as I felt then .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence in demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably me can demand me .
What I 'm looking for love is a guarantee , not only to be loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to remain loved by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were even together .
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate some sense of implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because falling in love makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The story version that asks : are still together ?
And his content with a <unk> response or not .
So more than a question , I would submit that asking yourself more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who is n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do we know when to cut and distance them ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably has a relationship , or even more , how do you live with the question of your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love .
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , we 're in love with , we still keep together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love is not the same as to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my paper , I wrote : Love did n't happen .
<unk> in love because we take the choice to be .
And I shudder a little bit like reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that was supposed to be .
I did n't think how many of you to make that decision , and how much times I 'm going to have to keep making that choice without knowing whether he always choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and responded to 36 questions , I 've chosen to love somebody so generous , kind and fun , and they expressed that election in the largest American newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really think of .
And what I 'm looking for , and what you might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want to be happy to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the paper I did n't actually write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose to love someone , and the hope that he will also love me , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a couple of lesbian , and in a way I came up with a <unk> of the forest .
Something that really affected me but more details ahead .
I 'm going to start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wood box , and I 'd run a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought , some example , some alien humanoids or alien aliens would find this box about 500 years later and <unk> how our species <unk> ideas , for example how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
In all forms , it 's funny because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from trip and do surfing and all these weird stuff -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I plucked it all the pages and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> , and Agnes Martin , I covered the resin and a bee stuck stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid to bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking that I could get it .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it felt that it increased the size , as if it was a magnifying glass on a magnifying glass .
So what did I do ? I built more boxes .
This time , I began to add electronic elements , frogs , weird bottles that I would find on the street , all I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow out of it , drawing it around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects and created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , <unk> -- that you can get an idea .
Then I made some insects and weird creatures .
It was really fun to draw on the layers of resin .
And it was great , because I started riding exhibits and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , to go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I was interested in the human form , of resin of natural size , with pictures of human beings with human beings .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
And I started drawing on the glass layers , like the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together , and it had all these windows together .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my piece of work that I call this very big thing , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was very inspired by `` The Deep garden '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting in the <unk> of the <unk> in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little ahead of your time .
Well , the triptych . <unk> this piece .
It weighs 3,000 pounds .
5.5 meters long .
It 's double face , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , there 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animals heads travel between two worlds .
They 're going from the world of representation , to this analog mesh boundary where they hide .
Here 's where creatures with animals heads are headed to the <unk> , ready to commit suicide in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird strapped to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon , <unk> platform of the <unk> <unk> , the bin Laden of Osama Bin Laden , there are all kinds of rare things that can be found if they look very well in the ocean .
But anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand comes out of clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand you spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , it has a nose , like a bird 's peak , and it spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail of a snake tail that matches the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , his tail turn on fire into a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go through , you know .
His tail ends up in a eyeball , made from 1986 terrorist cards .
Have you seen them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards of terrorists .
It brings me back to my time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and is online , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a form of human being , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the same time .
They 're as cells , they come together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking me years .
Each one is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human being trapped inside .
This has a little cave on my chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can take it off .
I 'm going to be reminded of the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of the chest , and it covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick quick refresher on these works , because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
Inside this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio fan , a museum , a <unk> arm , which spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
We put the box and all of the people in hitting each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box you 're living in .
And together we came together , realizing that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we 're different , these concepts of countries , of borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness and everywhere we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when your head hurts ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first of the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
So I 'll take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system so that any drug will affect the body .
The downside , though , is that by <unk> any drug it gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in HIV patients .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these are <unk> to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and you will increase the <unk> cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in time that takes it to get to the blood current , they 're <unk> , and worse even for the time that takes it to get to her destiny , which is more important : in the warehouse of HIV .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the nervous system , where the virus is dead , and it does n't get easily in the bloodstream of the patients that are <unk> to regular antiretroviral drugs .
However , after treatment of the treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with today 's drugs that is a life treatment problem .
One day , I sat down , and I thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly to the virus warehouse , without the risk of medication ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , you 're used in dentistry , for the careful wounds and diabetes surgery , you can be used for whatever you can imagine , including transportation 's <unk> .
In fact , we 're now using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , open up and closing almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
Maybe they say , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a very powerful laser beam on the cellular membrane living with HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , whereas the cell is absorbed in the drug of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're currently testing this technology in vitro technology or petri dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is : through a <unk> device .
With the first head , that 's our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that drives the drug , releases it directly into the site of infection , while laser uses again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't look like a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all researcher researcher in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying government armed groups : armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
<unk> what these groups do when they 're not shooting at them .
My goal is to understand better to these drivers of violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation into violent confrontation .
I do field work in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving nearly all conflict in course , because war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between the states and actors .
For example , from the <unk> peace agreements between 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> had signed up between a state and an non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups ; we even have to engage them or <unk> in any conflict process of successful conflict .
But how do we do that ?
We have to know what drives these organizations .
We know very well the reasons why they struggle , how they do it , but no one 's looking at what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and political struggle is connected .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
<unk> groups today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for his violent awakening against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also set a political party , a social services network and a military device .
Similarly , the Hamas Palestinian , known for his suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than simply shooting .
They 're multitasking .
It 's a complex communication machine : radio stations , TV channels , websites and strategies on social networks .
And here you have the ISIS magazine , printed in English and published to recruit .
armed groups are also investing in a complex fundraising fundraising fundraising , but through cost-effective business , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their strength , to recruit better and build their brand .
armed groups also do something else : create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , run hospitals , put professional training programs , or microfinance training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't give , security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in a Afghanistan torn by war or even the beginning of ISIS promotion , can be able to figure out the efforts of these groups for providing security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a high offshore price for the population .
But in general , provide social services , it means a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 in Palestinian Hamas can not be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex stage , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we just think of the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They 're grown because they fill in gaps left by government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participate in violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and more sophisticated these organizations are organizations , we can less <unk> as something contrary to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
They 're running part of a territory , running all their functions , collect garbage , running the sewer system .
Is it a single state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , with no state and hybrids , and the weaker they are the states , as in the Middle East , the further in the Middle East , and they fill that gap .
This is important for governments , because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in the tools that are not military tools .
<unk> that gap of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and accumulating peace .
If we better understand armed groups , we will understand better what incentives to provide for the transition from violence to nonviolence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can earn some battles , but not giving us peace and stability .
To get these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum gap , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality is <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the feminist label on `` feminist '' would be unfair for feminist label .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore I 'm going to refer to it as a bad feminist .
Or at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The <unk> feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started calling me <unk> .
So , what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate retirement , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and 20 years old , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women who were <unk> , remember with the men and hated sex . Like if that was something bad .
Today , I see how women are treated all over the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people at once , who might be a feminist .
It 's labeled a feminist as a feminist , an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I <unk> myself as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which says too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's the same or a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I was growing up , I started to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and besides , so proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
Let 's keep the same wages for the same work .
We have a right to travel around the world like <unk> , free from bullying or violence .
We have a right to use easy and affordable contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without needing checks or legislative doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about women 's needs , we need to have to account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We need to get these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths to be evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I lead to work , I listen to rap music to everything .
Even though the letter degrades women , and it was profoundly talented , the classic `` Salt <unk> , '' of the yin Yang Yang , is amazing .
`` Do you reality with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it , <unk> until you hit the shell ! ''
Think about it .
I mean poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified by my musical tastes .
I believe in the work of man 's work , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the household tasks , but also killing insects , the collection of garbage and the maintenance of <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the pretty things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and romantic comedy , and I 've got the absurd fantasies of the fairy fairy tales .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt her husband 's name , he 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If one woman decides to stay at home to raise his children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
So we fix this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism that has ignored or 75 historically the needs of color women , the workers and gay and transgender , for white women , heterosexual , middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
It also happens : As a feminist , I 'm a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're looking at perfection .
When we stand up , we take them very comfortable from the very pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I consider myself to be <unk> on that pedestal before I try to wear me .
So many women , particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid to be tagged like feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yeah , I 'm a feminist , for fear of what that sticker means , for fear of not being able to fulfill the little realistic expectations .
Take an example to <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In 2014 <unk> Bay <unk> in MTV , he planned in front of the word `` feminist '' in front of three meters tall .
It was a great show , and you see this pop star embracing feminism and to know women and young men who will be a feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , cultural critics began endless arguments if they were or not exactly feminist .
It would take its feminism , rather than just to believe the word of a grown and grown woman .
<unk> perfection of feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need so damned .
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism , to get all of the feminism of any woman , wreck it until he 's not left .
We do n't need to do that .
Bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism thing is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We have to recognize our imperfections to account , to go to action and be a little bit more courageous .
If I listen to degrading music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be happier that they would be happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists wo n't change their way to speak about women in their songs until they were able to change change effectively in their profit .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does his music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a better choice .
But when bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve , and it 's our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years .
It 's two great girls , wonderful and shiny , and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world .
where they are drawn to the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice is produced as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television show is all about sexual violence against women like sport , we have the Game of <unk> .
We can change radio emitter when we hear songs that treat women like anything .
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere when movies do n't treat women more than the decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their fellow partners as starving .
In any case , men , particularly white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your magazine , participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't include a lot of women , so much to participate in making decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also help them be included until most of us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision games .
Because we 're not groupers <unk> , no longer to adopt these positions , our achievements are going to mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top , to people in the power directors and film producers and music , the legislators , the legislators , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create durable and significant change .
We can also claim to bravery our feminism , good , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' he says , `` I think it 's a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say it , especially because my voice was older , and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to deal with what happened .
And a few kids would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
<unk> my voice , and after all I did n't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'm focusing on a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and of the women who looked like me and understood what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through the writing and feminism , I also found that if I was a little brave woman , another woman would hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nowhere to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to do anything .
And in the other , I argue the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , which I say and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope we can all be a little bit brave , when you need to be a little bit of courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles to have visited Disneyland or being exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting over 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a <unk> immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than a century , but a lot of children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the paper that unleashed the question unleashed on autism and vaccines were <unk> , disqualified to be a foreign fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Does n't believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still tracking that vaccines put in danger to their children of autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase of autism in the time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians that I 'd heard about her create develop all of his professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , estimates of prevalence continued stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
<unk> funds as <unk> <unk> refer to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch the other kid in Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If it 's not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Center for Disease Control from Atlanta what 's going on , they tend to be based on sentences like `` diagnostic criteria , '' and `` better <unk> . ''
But that kind of language do n't dissipate a lot of a young mother of a young mother looking for the face of his two-year-old son , the visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow progress and careful of the science that with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be private worlds , <unk> people around them , even to their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by shaking their hands in front of their faces , but they were prey to <unk> as when they do n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as a major authority of the world in the subject , stated that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as you pick up references from places as distant as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria for autism diagnosis was very <unk> .
For example , I 'll be able to give that diagnosis to children with seizures , but now we know that the epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had become <unk> that he had become nine of every 10 children sent to her doctors 's office to be autistic for giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was an intelligent man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold , cold parents .
These kids , he said , have kept carefully in a refrigerator , not <unk> .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they turned the two years .
When her mother put one of his favorite records , he properly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , affirming things like the kids were simply asking out what they had heard of their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of autism that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of mothers 's <unk> mothers was quite stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter named Susie .
<unk> , and John knew how hard it was to raise a child as no support services , no special education , no access to other resources without diagnosis .
To defend the National Service , they needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould 's decided to do something that should be 30 years earlier .
They launched an prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population .
He was a suburb of London called <unk> to try and find autistic children in the community .
What you saw was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could not speak at all , whereas others were <unk> in their fascination by astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in beautiful frames , and <unk> , like Judith , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the <unk> <unk> model would have predicted .
At the beginning , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did no one ever realized these kids before ?
But then <unk> found a reference to a paper published in German in 1944 , the next year to the article of <unk> , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article of competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioned in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the <unk> husband spoke German , and he translated it for her .
The document provides an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's an integrated hospital with a boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The kinds of Asperger 's ideas for teaching children with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
So the morning in their clinic started with classes of exercises with music , and the kids would follow their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as disabled disabilities in life that required Jane <unk> and <unk> ways during the course of life .
Instead of treating the kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called her little teachers , and he got started to help in developing methods of education that were especially right for them .
Basically , Asperger 's seen as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , seeing aspects of this continuum in archetypes known in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and Professor <unk> .
He went beyond even saying , for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found that <unk> found that autism was wrong with autism , so the parents were the appeal to them .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Mortgage Association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the late 1980s and early '90s , its changes in effect , in effect , in effect , to avoid the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive model .
These changes did n't go broken on a broken bag .
When <unk> and Judith and Judith and Judith worked on the back of these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before it came out of `` Rain Man , '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts , and he knew what autism was , but after Captain <unk> 's performance performance , like Raymond <unk> and the recognition of `` Rain Man , '' with four awards of the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents knew what autism was .
At the same time , we were introduced early clinics to use to diagnose autism .
I did n't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these testing created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism consciousness .
The number of diagnoses started to rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they hoped that this was , getting people with autism and their families finally support their support and services that they were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the rise of diagnosis , very simple , powerful , and seductive history as bad as the theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the heart of prevention that one of every 68 children in America are in the spectrum , it 's right , the autistic people are one of the biggest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to refuse the idea that they 're the puzzle to solve for new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think in terms of operational operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social sphere , and they have a attention deficit in detail .
<unk> people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still getting Asperger 's , who believed that the cure for the most autism aspects of autism are located in understanding teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on the deck to <unk> the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to lose a brain .
Thank you .
